(stifling laugh) Well, what were you gonna do with a bunch of sharpened rocks?
(calling out) ...Maaason.
(through tears/sobs) He's throwing things at me...
(pointing, giggling) Look what I found in the street!
(rolls her eyes) Okay...
(to Randy and Mindy) Hey guys!
(Eyeing the ring) Wow.
(To Randy) Listen, I told you to put that away. (To Mom) Would you put that in your purse, please? Computer games at the table. (To Waiter) Yes, uh, please, another bottle of wine.
(to Waiter) Um, Coke.
Um, you know what? Mason, you're okay with water. No more Cokes. (to Waiter) Thank you.
(to Mindy) Did he work on it at all, Mindy?
(to Mindy) Did he sit around playing video games with Mason the whole time?
(laughs) Yeah.
(tapping his nose) Ah!
(into a microphone) Front of the line, are you ready?
Hey, alright! Very good.
(to Mason) Back your feet up a little bit. Yeah, like that. Now you're gonna hit it straighter. Okay. Alright, go up and hit it. That's good.
(to Randy) I don't know man, you must've been...
(to Mason) Nice and natural.
Did you see that, Randy? That's the way to do it! (to self) Alright, birdie putt.
Goddamn it. Son of a bitch. (to Mason and Randy) Get my clubs, would you? Get the ball.
You guys aren't settin' any speed records, are you? What'd you do, get about half done? Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. So did you finish?
(to Mason) Bye, baby. I love you.
(to Samantha) Bye, honey. Have fun with your dad.
Just a minute, Mason. (to Mom) The boys didn't finish raking the leaves. Samantha did not finish dusting. So tomorrow, when they come home, instead of swimming and all the other little stuff that they want to do, they're gonna do their chores. Right?
Okay. (To Samantha) How 'bout you? How was your week?
(laughs) No.
(leaning in doorway) Goodnight, Sam.
(laughs) Goodnight.
(to Randy) What's the matter, you feeling a little left out?
(pointing outside) It's our... dad.
Where the hell have you been?
Why don't you come inside here, huh? Come inside here. (To Samantha and Mason) Where the hell are you goin'? Get your ass upstairs, you're not goin' anywhere.
Stop! (to Samantha and Mason) Come on!
Well take 'em then, just take 'em! Bill turns back to Mindy and Randy. BILL (CONT'D) (to Randy and Mindy) Get upstairs! (calling down the street) Olivia!
Not long. We're... (starts crying) Oh, I don't -- I don't know. I don't have the answer to everything.
Hi. I'm Mrs. Darby. I'm glad to meet you. Why don't you sit here? (to Kenny) Kenny! Off!
(laughs) Yeah.
(to Mason) Go get that McCain sign, would you?
(hesitating) What?
Probably. (to Mason) Uh-huh, you see? I learn more about her from her Facebook page than I do from our scintillating conversation. (to Samantha) Is he your boyfriend?
(to Samantha) Ohh... Fun.
(shrugs) All over.
(Laughs) Why?
So next week we are gonna get into Bowlby's four stages of attachment -- oh oh, uh, Professor Douglas and I -- some of you might have classes with Elena -- she and I are hosting a little pre-Thanksgiving get-together at my place, so if anyone wants to come, please stop by. (pause) I'm not the greatest cook...
(to Gaby) Awkward...
(shrugs) His brother's a senior.
(To Mason) Man, have a beer, man. That was awesome. Here.
(skeptical) Really?
Fuck yeah, dude. You don't even have to play that well. I mean, you start playing your instrument, and they line up to give you blow jobs. (Points to Tony) Except for you. It doesn't impress the ladies so much when you play flute for the marching band.
Oh, there you are. PROFESSOR DOUGLAS hands Olivia a glass of wine.
Thanks.
(in the driver's seat) Hey! Mickey Mouse Club. Get the fuck out of my car. Just crawl out the back window or something, man.
(to Mason) Have you been drinking?
(to Annie) Hey!
Hey Cooper! Hey, how's it goin'? Hello little brother! (to Annie) He's so cute.
(attempting Spanish) Todo... Total?
Oh, yeah... Mason's --
It's good?
(laughs) Yeah. Right?
You too. (to Annie) Hey!
(laughs) What? No, I didn't. I never said that.
(laughs) Are you...? Oh, come on! I mean, you're not... Ughh.
(laughing) Oh, my god... Okay, well.
(to Mason) Oh, hi, birthday boy! It's good to see you.
(to Annie) How are you, darling?
(singing) Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, dear Mason... Happy birthday to you!
(whispers) The Black Album was from me.
(taking the gun) Thank you.
(singing) But to wander wherever I may.
(singing) I want you to be easy and casual.
(singing) But still demand I stay.
(singing) I want for you to know me completely, but still remain mysterious.
(singing) Consider everything deeply, but still remain fearless.
(singing) Climb to the top, look over the ledge. Dance barefoot on a razor's edge. Reach for the stars, grab the tiger by the tail.
(singing) If I don't try, I'll never fail.
(singing) If you go home, you're rolling the dice. Can't step in the same river twice. If you love too much it'll turn to hate. If you never leave home you'll never be late. If you eat too much, you're gonna get fat. If you buy a dog, you'll piss off your cat.
(to Cooper) Hi, baby. What's goin' on?
Try harder. Hey, maybe in twenty years you can call old Mr. Turlington and you can say, "Thank you, sir, for that terrific dark room chat we had that day." (walking away) Get back to class and do your work.
(Laughing) Is that a compliment?
Fine. I'll be a poor whore with a big house. (Laughs) Is that better?
(Laughing) She didn't even touch them, seriously.
Yeah, I bet you did watch her, you little pervert. (Laughing) It's like we're on a date. Cheers.
(Holding Phone) No , it's fine. It's up for the trip.
(Laughing) Well, you gonna see your sister when you guys are in Austin?
(Laughing) Well, when people ask me about you I say, "Oh, Mason, he's doing great. He's got a job, he's really cleanin' up."
(From Phone) Alright, hey, hey, say hi to Annie and Cooper, will you?
(Laughs) We'll see you soon.
(From phone) Alright, alright, well, be careful when you're driving, alright? Don't be texting, don't be doing any of that. Alright? Just, you're Obi Wan. You're centered, patient, right? You watch three cars ahead, two behind. It takes two bad drivers to have an accident okay?
(From phone) Right, and listen, tell your sister to pick up her phone or call me back or something.
(Motioning to the bag) Hey, honey, take this to your sister. Throw it in the truck, okay?
(Laughing) Yeah. Yeah, she's a sophomore. She has an apartment.
(Holding out money) Okay, this is in case of emergency.
(looks at phone photo) Hm! (Laughs) Okay, you're right. That is a --
No, it's fine. Have fun. (Laughs)

Yeah, in just a few years that's you (Indicates Girls)
...Also inlaid into the terrazzo floors was a star map, a celestial map of heavenly bodies so accurately displayed that one could chart the procession of the Pole Star fourteen thousand years into the future, such that future generations upon... (Continuing Indistinct Under)
(nodding) Yeah.
(to Waitress) Thank you.
(laughs) Uh -- no.
(laughs) Sorry. Um, she uh, she said you were out of town for the weekend.
(under sheet) Sorry!
Oh, fuck you! (a beat) I don't regret anything.
(Bitter Laugh) Of course you don't.
(sarcastic) Dude, you will have so much fun. Your family loves you. You'll have a swell time.
Mm-mm. (Shakes head slightly)
(laughing) We're aware.
(cheer, applause) ...Whooo!
No-no-no-no, wait. We're gonna take pictures. Put it back on. (To Carol) Hey, can you get a camera? (To Nick) Hey Nick!
Oh! Back on. Oh... Congratulations, baby. (to Nick) I don't know you, but congratulations!
And where's Mason senior? I'm feeling generous. (to Dad) Come here.
(to Uncle Steve) No, don't even start, don't start, don't start.
Um... Sure, whatever. Yeah, totally.
(To Mason) I got you something.
(laughing) Such a good dad. Really.
(reacting)  Whoo! Yeah! Alright!
(indistinguishable chatter) Hear! Hear!
(to Dad) Alright, you're up, kid.
(reacting) Whoo! Future!
(hesitating) Good luck?
I'm so glad you found her. I really am. (to Annie) You, you've got him at a good time, I think.
(laughing) Cheers.
(chanting) Four more years. Four more years.
No. No, I can't. (a beat) You did a great job with both of them, by the way.
(back to Mason) I guarantee you, you didn't do anything wrong. These high school love things, they never work out. Here, come here.
(weak laugh) No. To be honest, I drank way too much last night.
Hi guys. I'm Ernesto, how are you? (to Mom) Uh, you probably don't remember me, but I worked on your septic line years ago.
(crying) Nothing.
(laughs) Well, yeah. I don't- I don't care.
(to Mason) So, you game?
(laughs) Wow.
(laughing) Yeah. They have like no fear, and they're not self-conscious at all.
(pirouettes) How do I look?
Sorry, Mrs. M. It just sort of... (eyes Delilah in mirror) slid out.
(stamps her shoe) Enough of that! This is your wedding day for heaven's sake. Not some tawdry night in a cheap motel. Charlene, doesn't your sister look beautiful?
(admitting defeat) Yes, Momma.
(pats Marney's arm) You're not a whale, Honey.
I'm sorry, Momma. After today, she'll have two weeks to get over it. (to Marney) 'Fore I lose another bridesmaid, you mind takin' one o' the programs down to Kelvin?
I didn't get a chance to see it. (admires his picture) What do you think of it?
(chuckles) No, I mean it.
I'm a fighter, Marney. I can't stand for lies and I can't stand for weakness. I pride myself on my strength. (puffs out chest) My agility. (gyrates like a Chippendale dancer) And my ability to... move things. (presses his junk against her) Marney lets out a little squeak. They lock lips, grope at each other like teenagers in a back seat.
We're gonna fix you up, good as new. (hands tissue) Here you go, Sweetie.
(sniffling) What?
(whispers) Think they did it?
(opens her eyes) Yeckh, what is that? Get that thing away from me.
(slowly stands) What happened?
I'm sorry, Delilah. (scampers away)
(mocking Kelvin) You been doin' some thinkin', huh?! You couldn't think up a brain fart! I'll give you somethin' to think about!
(aghast) Oh my word.
(salivating) Oh my word.
Okay. Bye... (hangs up)
(strolls to counter) I feel rejuvenated. 'Deed, I do. There's a renaissance goin' on in my pajamas as we speak.
(downs her juice) Y'all are lookin' at the first female boxer in all the MacIntosh family.
(closes her compact) Miss Tandy. I don't wanna inconvenience you, truly I don't. But I do know that if I'm gonna box, I'm sure as hellfire gonna need someone to train me.
Right. Follow me. (rolls eyes)
Yeah. I mean, look at these. They're all so dull-lookin'. (points to brown one) This one looks like King Kong had an accident. Who wants to see that?
(claps) Alright, ladies. This ain't a friggin' fashion show. I gotta teach Delilah here some basics. C'mere.
(demonstrates) You're a rightie, so lead with your left. Feet shoulder-width apart. Put your fists up.
Don't bend so far. You're not in the bathroom. We're gonna start off slow. Just jab with your left, (jabs) punching straight out from your chin.
Don't clench your fist. Keep your fingers relaxed. (jabs in slow-motion) Straight from the chin. Then squeeze right before ya reach your target.
Okay. Now this time, turn your fist a little when you punch. (shows her) Like that. So ya go from holding your fist vertical to horizontal.
(jabs again) Better?
What are ya, breaking up a bar fight? Throw the punch straight. That's why they call it a straight right. (demonstrates) This time, the power's not coming from your arm.
Nope. It's coming from your torso, (places her hands on Delilah's torso) and from your right foot when ya pivot.
(pulls out wraps) Gimme your hands.
(hides her hands) Bite your tongue. You know how much work it takes to keep my hands lookin' like this? I been cultivatin' these nails since I was fourteen.
Alright. But no boxer I know's got nails like that. (puts scissors away) I guess you know best...
(pushes in deeper) Oh. What is that?
(laughs) You really showed him.
Mind your own business. (to Delilah) Wait 'til the bag swings back before ya hit it again. Make it work for you, not the other way around.
Like this? (wallops the bag) Take that! (again) And that!
Our next bout is in the flyweight division. In this corner, wearing red trunks, weighing in at one hundred and eleven pounds, Beau Sommers. (crowd cheers) And in this corner, wearing green trunks, weighing in at one hundred and ten pounds, Sir Kelvin Wingfield.
(chortles) Whadda you care? Afraid you might clash?
Let me show ya something. (steps up to the bag) Take the ball of your left foot, and plant it like you're putting out a cigarette.
Then pivot your body to the right. Legs, hips, back. All of it. Like a gate swinging from a post. (throws a few hooks) She steps out of the way and Delilah takes a crack at it.
Cinch it on tight. (assists her) Now, I want ya to watch my body. Every punch your opponent misses, costs her some energy, right? See where my next punch is coming from, then move your head outta the way.
Owwwwwwwwwww! (falls to her knees)
Hold on. Let's have a look. (pulls up a stool) I'm Doctor More. Delilah, is it?
(chuckles) So what brings you here?
A boxing accident. (walks to counter)
(nose to nose) Be sure to keep it dry.
(mocking her) You mean you don't remember?
(groggy) I let you down.
I'll see ya back at the gym. (goes, stops) Wait. I'm your ride.
Okay. Bye. (leaves)
(calling) Thanks for drivin' me.
Deed I am.
We're not talking hula hoops and yo-yos, Samuel. She's one facial scar away from bagging groceries at the Piggly Wiggly. (slams fridge door) Is that what you want?
(sigh of relief) Yes, I did. I ran out o' concealer.
Thirteen. Eighth grade philosopher.
Hurry, she's drownin'! (hands him her napkin) Nate wipes off the pictures, Delilah leans over to see.
(addressing table) How're all y'all doin' tonight? Havin' a nice time?
Flyweight boxer. Handsome for his size, don't you think? But I never seen those Peter Jackson movies. What you probably don't know - all but one - is that he left me at the altar. And my guess is, for the woman seated to his left. (Guests gasp and turn) Itn't she sweet? Anyone know who she is?
That's right. Marney Cobb. She was my best friend. (Guests gasp again) 'Deed, she was. But look at her now. An up-n-comin' homewrecker. go on 'n enjoy your dessert. 'Nite...
(Jimmy Stewart) A pox upon me for a clumsy lout.
(giggles) Thanks for comin' with me to this.
(slaps the mat) Snap 'n back! Snap 'n back! Don't leave yourself open!
Yes, she did. I'm still gettin' warmed up. (smiles up at Romeo) Romeo laughs, until he sees Tandy's look.
(wistfully) That's all he needed to say.
Bout what?
(snags a breadstick) If you say so.
(punching buttons) What're you doing with her?
(takes out the map) Told you.
(demonstrates) Line up your right heel and your left toe. Flex your knees, bend your hips a little, tuck your elbows in, and put up your dukes.
(joins in) Good. Now try your right.
Now just watch me, Abby. (demonstrates in slow- motion)  Left jab. Then a straight right. Then finish 'im off with a left hook.
Got it. (pulls out a tiny notepad and pen) Left, right, left.
(duh) You're askin' me if I wanna be on TV?
(obnoxious laugh) Yes, it sure is. So tell us, Delilah, what on earth happened? Why trunks instead of an evening gown?
(gesturing to Mindy) Even she heard. What didn't I hear?
(more comical than angry) Why don't you tell me these things?!
Oh please. I was jilted in front o' all my friends, my family, everyone. No self-respectin' belle's gonna stand for such nonsense. (directly into camera) Itn't that right, Kelvin?
(hugs Delilah) She looked just like you. Except older, fatter, and on crack.
(laughs) Thanks.
(chanting)
(mocking Delilah) These cowlicks are drivin' me ab-so-lute-ly bonkers, I tell you what...
(folds her arms) Is there somethin' you're not tellin' me?
All that baloney about beauty pageants and changing career paths. Magnolia Princess... you really had me going. (off Delilah's look) You think I don't own a TV? I hope you guys are real happy together.
Adios. (heads for the exit)
(gesturing to SlamMan) Sort of getting used to the idea of him being here. A lot easier than talking to Momma.
Del, I just wanted to say how sorry I am about what happened with Kelvin. Shouldn't've waited this long to say it. And me laughing... I've just felt bad about it ever since. (studies her socks) When my relationship with Howard ended... I dunno... it's just been real hard finding the person I was before.
I think she might be coming. (nonchalantly) I am so glad I tried this brand of coffee. Isn't it heavenly?
Please, won't you join us? (takes a seat)
They're for special occasions. Just like this. So many years, so much energy and hard work, you devoted. I just want to say... how proud I am of you. (off Delilah's perplexed look) I mean it. How many people do we know come up with one goal today, just to forget about it tomorrow? That's why New Year's resolutions are such a joke. And that's why... it pains me to see you slide.
Sometimes a stock tanks and you just gotta take it like a lady! (paces) You know what I think? I think this was about you from the very beginnin'. Ever since I was five.
(red alert) Don't you ever use that word on me.
Charlene. That's right, your sister. You remember her? God knows she's been neglected far too long. I'm just gonna have to find a way to make it up to her. (stretches) Lord knows I'm not gonna be around forever.
(pumps his fist as he farts) That's what's next. I say we grab ourselves some high-quality snapper.
(raises his hand like a stop sign) I'm aware of the interview. There won't be any fight. So let me stop you right there. I have too much respect for women to start throwing punches at them, I thank you very much.
Toupee. (flinches) Touché. With all due respect, Mr. Wingfield, it sounds like your ex-means business. Are you aware that she upset Gladys the Gravedigger?
Yes, I need a tuxedo. Size thirty-eight short. Verrrrry SHORT.
Just makin' conversation. If you'd rather stand here and grimace at each other, I guess that's fine. (wraps her ponytail) Got a lunch date?
Oh the one on Hanover? I been meanin' to try that one. By the way, that blush is all wrong for you. (zips up her gym bag)
(sifting through it) That one's too light. No, not that one. HERE. This'll work. Autumn. It won't wash you out. Now go on and rinse that stuff off your face.
Here's a towel. (tosses one from her bag) Nothin' I like more than a clean slate. Now, is that the only shirt you got?
(mocking) Cut the shit, you asshole.
(chanting)
(chanting)
(to Gym-goers) Are you fuckin' BLIND?
There's only so many people you can let down 'fore you start feelin' ashamed o' yourself. (lies down on bench) A lot easier this way.
I heard what you said to Slice. The day I walked in here. I figured... (fighting herself) It's still no excuse for lyin'.
(fixes her hair) So how does your boyfriend -- Nathan, is it?
(chuckles) So uh... do you have a boyfriend?
(mulls it over) Because I don't have to ask.
(miming) Uppercut, jab, straight right.
(looking away) My client would like to formally challenge your fighter, Mr. Wingfield, to a three-round bout.
(jerks away) God.
(trying not to heave) You can let me know. I don't want to be late for my pap smear.
No thanks. (to WAITRESS) Sam Adams, please. And another julep for her.
(eager for info) So?
(disappointed) Should count for something.
(stirs her drink) Can I ask you somethin'?
This might've been the first thing I ever wanted, that I'm sure came from me. My mother had nothin' to do with it. (beat) Wanna hear somethin' funny?
(light bulb) You're right. I did bring those two lowlifes together.
Honestly, you should move to Hollywood with an imagination like that. Kelvin and Marney, so nice to see you... (waves) I'm sorry to startle you nice folks. I don't make a habit of crashin' weddings. But I needed a large group of understandin' people, and naturally this is the first place I thought of. I'd like all y'all to meet my boyfriend, Doctor Nate More.
Itn't it fun? Everybody! You, too, bridegroom. (chants)
(unwrapping gift) Think it's poisonous?
(straining) You said you weren't gonna call me that.
Damn straight. (blows snot on floor) A knock. Kelvin motions to Chuck, he answers the door.
(stage whisper) It's Mitzi.
Fuck off.
Hellooo. Boxing. (punches the air) Ring a bell?
In this corner, wearing red trunks, weighing in at one hundred and twelve noble pounds... SIR KELVIN WINGFIELD.  BOOS fill the tent. Kelvin's clan disses the Fans. Mr.
(smirks) I agree.
But let me tell ya... that boy... he can really shoot. (wipes her mouth) Marney pulls back in disgust.
(eyes Marney's watch) I dunno, what time you got?
I have a confession to make. (jabs)
Erectile dysfunction is highly treatable these days. (jabs)
Marney and I fucked on our wedding day. (left hook)
Well lollipops to you. Did you do her in the reception hall or in the rectory? (right cross)
(standing over him) Capeesh?!
(blushes) Thanks!
Miss Delilah, will you marry me? (brandishes the ring)
(voice over, whisper) I've been fucking Henrietta for a while. She's the best. She's pregnant with someone else's baby but I'm cool with that. In fact, I think that's why I like her so much. She's kinda thugged out.
(emerging from kitchen) Hey.
(stumbing) Uh, I don't know. Maybe.
(searching for word) ...you know... Geometry’s a hard thing. Algebra leads to it and if you dont get that then-
(interupting) Yeah yeah I guess so. Well, you do what you can.

(laughs) Yea.
(voice over, whisper) My great great grandfather had a song, Hallelujah I'm a Bum. Tupac had a song, I'd Rather Be an N.I.G.G.A., so we can get drunk and smoke weed all day. I always thought they were really similar.
(voice over, whisper) Making the team, felt like the most important thing in my life.
(voice over, whisper) As a white boy I just didn’t fit in, not in Takoma Park. But now...
(voice over, whisper) I was practically black.

Alright bye. No injuries.
(not paying attention) Oh yeah.
(excited) Which one?
(points to the cheerleader bench) Christine Ortanyez. JOLIE POV: slow motion of Christine - taps her palms and does a leg kick then looks directly at us.
Three. Two. (pump fake) One.
(disturbed) That’s a rumor, duh. They just took photos.
(off camera) Would someone please stop messing around and put the lights on. This league is for serious players only.
(cringing in pain, almost crying) Oww, man. I think you broke my wrist.
(beginging to cry) What? Why me?
(dons his sombrero, smile) Yea. I guess your right. Junior year’s actually gonna be cool. And I love spirit week. Merly, did you bring a hat for hat day?
(ashamed) Yeah. Francisco got arrested. What about it?
Don't you trust me? Jolie peaks at a boy one seat away. (Jolie's basketball is in the seat between them, with Haroon's Batman toy sitting atop it.)
(O.C. yelling at the screen) Don't mess with his boy? You're gonna get it now! Un-hun!
Henrietta. Just because you don't want any doesn't mean Jolie doesn't. Tutoring is hard work, after all. (to Jolie) I tutored high school kids in Oakland in the 60's, and -
(cont) I love them both.
Ya'll screw up and say, "But I thought..." (beat) Kiss. (beat) Keep it simple. You guys are thinking too much on the court. Stay aggressive and maybe we'll have a chance of beating Springbrook without Francisco and Merly. We’re short handed, especially at guard positions, so everyone has to be ready to play, especially you Jolie. You’re as good as anybody on this team. I’ve seen you play great when we scrimmaged with JV. (beat) And everyone, no more bringing your stuff in a plastic bag. Get a real bag. Something canvas. Use an old backpack if you have to.
Man, Francisco is in the papers. You haven't seen? (turns and tugs at a cheerleader) Come here, girl. Sit on my lap.
(to himself) Booooom.
Arright y'all. Arius gives them the finger from the packed with 6 Jeep as it speeds off (Geo’s are equipt with only 4 seats)
(under his breath) ...fucking idiot...
(to Jolie) Damn.
(stunned) Yea. ...Henrietta Aaronson.
What's the password? (beat) Lemme see them shits again.
(affecting a sexy voice) He'd knock me out for the rest of my life.
(cont.) Girls, you are welcome to watch but please keep it down, we have our work cut out for us.
Now what was wrong with that shot? (beat) Jolie?
(scowling at the coach) Do I look like white to you?
(tearing up) Yeah. This time I think you're actually right.
Do you have these in a size ten. And bring a what - (looks to Haroon) Size 7? Yeah size seven for Haroon.
What's his number? Lemme grab a pen. (shuffling through the glove box) You sure you don't want a bean burrito or anything?
(whispers) I won't even do it. I'll just feel it.
(barely audible) Oh.
(under her breath) Oh. Fuck.
(eyes on Ray approaching) Sure.
(mumbling) You're gonna break this thing.
(genuinely amazed by her anger) Unbelievable.
(grabbing the phone) Shhhh.
If only they had seen the license plate... Airness, they might have known.
(answers) Hello.
(suddenly angry) You know Spud Web only gets a roster spot because he's a circus freak. He shouldn't be there, and that’s why he sells tickets. Don't you get it. He’s not good, he’s just a draw. Is that what you want to be, a circus freak?
(off screen) Sorry. I just wanted to see if you guys needed anything.
(softly) Not for a fight?
But that means nothing now. We gotta go out and play no matter what. We're gonna open in a one-twenty-two. Wendel on the ball, Pistol on the two. Falling back into the half court, we go one-twenty FIVE. Forcing left. Trap and take the throwback. (suddenly disturbed) Where's Jolie?
I did. (she cries) I’m pregnant with your baby.
(beat) Jolie. Come with me.
You're going to do this school a favor, (beat) at the international math meet.
This year we settles for nothing less than number one, second to none. (beat) In whole numbers.
(soft) Jesus Christ, man.
I don't know. (beat) Maybe my parents are getting divorced and you don’t even know about it.
(on television) What's he saying now? What's he signing?
(on television) He wants to say he loves you all, and he wishes he could hang onto these people a little longer, connect with them a little deeper, before it's all over.
(whispering) Jolie! No way. Not until you know what.
(whispering) Don't worry.
(whispering) When? You've been saying you’re gonna get your Dad’s credit card for like a month. Time is of the essence here, duh.
(whispering) I told you I'm on it. First thing when my parents get back. But this is the best time to do it because we dont have to wear a condom. Come on, let’s go upstairs. Trust me.
(whispering) No means no, Jolie.
(whispering) Dude. I am blazed out of my mind right now, but I think someone's hiding in your shower?
(whispering) Forreal?
(whispering) Yeah, dude. Check it.
(confused) Oh yea.
Really? What do you care about then?
Jolie. Thank you. (smells it) It smells like you. Someday little Benny will wear it. That’s what I’ve decided to name him, Benny.
Well, (Jolie sits next to her)
And if no one gives you money... Do you know how to take it? (Tia nods) Good. You can stay as long as you bring in coin. Understand?
(outraged) Thief! They’re thieves!
(grinning) I’m always impressive! (imitating his uncle) I’m a miracle.
(mischevious) Well, maybe we should keep all of this to ourselves, then.
(half-listening) Hm?
(startled) What? Why?
(smiles softly) No. Not Ra.
(pained) Someone took me because of my gift. Changed me into something else. To make me stronger.
(hissing) Where’s the money, Benjamin?
(struggling) I don’t know what you’re talking about!
Do you think I’m a fool? I know you’re covering for your little friend, Tia. She’s always putting ideas in your head. (shakes Benjamin) I could have ended up in chains today because of her!
It’s not a trick. (smiles) You’re going to change everything.
You have to let me go. Please. I made a promise. (shouts) Tia! Tia!
(sharply) I drink blood, Tia.
(shrinks back) Blood?
(stammering) I’m sorry. Amun was right. He tried to stop me from coming and I should have let him. I just wanted... but this was a mistake. I’ll go. I’m sorry.
(smiles back) I don’t know how you survived without me.
(whispers) Ok.
(whispers) Be seein’ you.
But you’ve still got a life ahead of you, and I intend for you to live it. You may think you’ve hidden things from me, but you haven’t. I know you. And should this reach you in time -which I pray it has- I beg you, I implore you, to stop. To think. To live. (a beat, then) I love you, John. With all my heart. Our years were good. The best, in fact. But I’d rather see you later... than sooner... your best friend... Norma.
(mutters) Well played.
Moose. (a beat, then) Seriously?
All right, then... (smiles) ...Moose, it is.
(growls) I’m up, I’m up.
That oughta’ do it. (to Moose) Wanna’ try it out?
(in Russian, subtitled) Everything’s got a fucking price.
(in Russian, subtitled) Maybe so... but I don’t.
(mutters) So could I, it would seem...
(in Russian, subtitled) You find the keys?
(in Russian, subtitled) Yeah. He kept ‘em in a bowl like my old man.
(in Russian, subtitled) Then shit... let the fuckin’ babushka fade away and let’s get the fuck outta’ here.
I’m glad you didn’t wanna’ sell, old man. (chuckles) I enjoyed this.
(softly) Moose...
I’ma gonna’ keep this muthafucker! (to a mechanic) Hey, where’s Aurelio at?
(interrupting) I said, where... did you get that?
(shrugs) Some old fuck.
(a beat, then) I know this car.
(in Italian, subtitled) Fuck... me.
No. (laughs) But I sure as hell fucked up his dog.
Now, either shoot me... (shouts, angry)
(mutters) ...the fuck jus’ happened...?
(a long beat, then) Aurelio...
I know, John. I know... but “they”... (hesitating, then) ...”they” are extremely dangerous people.
(mutters) Aren’t “they” always...

(in Japanese, subtitled) I don’t know.
(in Japanese, subtitled) Don’t! Please! Iosef! His father! He owns a club in
(in Japanese, subtitled) Thanks.
(in Japanese, subtitled) Fuck.
(deep breath, sighs) Yes, sir. I did.
(a long beat, then) Oh.
(a long beat, then) Good evening, Aurelio.
Poor me a double, aye?
(sighs) Aye.
(in Russian, subtitled) Clean that up.
You should know by now that I live by one simple rule... (in Russian, subtitled) Should a whelp snap at your fingers, you crush it’s fucking skull.
(hushed, pained) What’d I do?
(in Russian, subtitled) You fucked up.
(hesitating, then) So I stole a fucking car! So fucking what?
(in Russian, subtitled) ...and I’ll serve your eye to you in your martini.
(in Russian, subtitled) Am I understood?
(gulps, then) Yes... father.
What? (a beat, then) The old man?
His name is John Wick... (smirks at the memory) ...and when he was fifteen, he lied his way into the marines and headed off to Vietnam. He specialized in force-oriented reconnaissance, meaning he often crossed over into enemy territory to both collect information and -should the opportunity present itself- fuck with the enemy in whatever way that he saw fit.
(growls) What kind do you think?
(a beat, then) Oh.


(mutters) Yes, sir.
(in Russian, subtitled) Sweet dreams.
...a black, 1969 Ford Mustang registered to one John Wick. Age... (deflates)
That, I do. (a beat, then) Good night, John.
(sighs) He ain’t our fuckin’ guy. (motions) Who’s next on the list?
Ten o’clock? Perfect. Thanks.
She was always kind to me. (a beat, then amused) So, what have you been doing to pass the time?
I can see that. (hesitating) Tell me, John... are we back in the game, now?
(sighs) That is a pity. I find the new breed of your ilk unstable, ill- wrought, and tiresome. The overused adage holds true: they don’t make ‘em like they used to,
(smiles) No, they don’t.
(chuckles) Well said.
(in Russian, subtitled) Of course he did. (a beat, then) Put the word out. Two million to the man who kills John Wick. Three million to the man who delivers him intact.
Life is good.

Come again? (a beat, then) John Wick? (a long beat, then) Consider it done.
(in Catalan, subtitled) Sorry, Cesca... but I’ve an old friend to attend to.
Good day, sir.
(looking around) Y’know, I haven’t been here in years. When did the old girl get a facelift?
(nods) Same owner.
Floor seven, room nine. (motions) Would you like help with your bags?
(glances at his watch) Can you send me up a hamburger - rare, mustard, onions, pickle- and fries?
(writing it down) Yes, sir. And to drink?
This way, sir.


(in Russian, subtitled) My name is John Wick. You took my car. You killed my dog. Where... is Iosef?
(wailing) Viggo! His father! He’s with Viggo!
(in Russian, subtitled) Where... is... Viggo?
(in Russian, subtitled) Please... I don’t know... please...
Yes, sir. (nods) Thank you, sir.
(a long beat, then) Viktor is dead.


Evenin’. Is the doctor in?
The best, sir, however, I’m sorry to say that... (hesitating, then) ...no one’s that good.
No, I thought not. (nods) Send me up a beer, too, will you?
If you’re lookin’ to heal right quick, then keep it marginal. However, if you’ve still... (searching, then) ...got a bit a’ business to attend to...
It’s what I do. (nods) Evenin’, John.
Maybe not... but I know this place.
(smiles) Pleased to meet you, Eddie.
Hello, Jonathan. (a beat, then) It’s been awhile.
That, it has. (looking around) I’m glad to see the old place still up and runnin’.
(half-smiles) I could say the same for you.
That, it has. (a beat, then) We we’re all broken up over Norma, y’know.
She got the card, the flowers... she knows you -all of you- loved her. (a beat, then) And thanks, Jimmy. It meant a lot to me as well.
And I haven’t... I mean, not since the last time... (hesitating, then) Would you mind... if I sang it? (smiles) You can say, “no”.
(chuckles) No, no, Jenny... go right ahead. In fact... please do. I’d like to hear it, too.
(nods, smiles) I hear.
(trembling) ...please...
(terribly calm) Do you know where Iosef is?
(sighs) Do you know anythin’ worth knowin’?
Just because I’m good at killin’... doesn’t mean I like it all that much. (a beat, then) Give me something.
Wait, wait! (swallowing hard, then) Little Russia. There’s a small bank near Cannon Court...
(a beat, then) That’ll do.
(nods) Night, Harry. (a beat, then) Hey, Harry.
(hesitates, then sighs) Times bein’ as they are? Yeah,
Do you mind babysittin’ the breathin’ one for, I dunno... (checking his watch) ...the next six hours or so?
(nods) Catch and release.
Yes, in fact. (counting) For four.
Perfect. Oh, and... (hesitating, then) Do you cater? (smiles) Excellent. I’ll need a car, and... well... something a bit less trivial.
(nods) Much appreciated, then.
(a long beat, then sighs) What am I doing, Marcus? I mean... it is just a... was a... dog, but...
(a beat, then) This isn’t like me.
(smiles, nods) Maybe not, but for the rare man of our ilk -those who survived an arguably unsurvivable life- the few things we find time to care for... pass long before we do...
Is that really necessary?
(filling the mug) Cream or sugar?
Left the game, got married, settled down... I envy that. (a beat, then) Kids?
I fucked a bartender and -ta dah!-nine months later, I had me a piece a’ shit tossed on the old doorstep, but... when it comes down to it... (glowers) He’s still my son.
(nods) I figured as much.


(on their looks)
His stash. Personal Holdings. (growls) Piggy “fucking” Bank.
(a beat, then hushed) This way.
We good, hon?
(in Russian, subtitled) I’d run, too. (a beat, then in English) What a shame... what a fucking... (sighs) ...shame...
(in Russian, subtitled) Iosef... my son... is worth less than this... far less... treasures reduced to ash... (in Russian, subtitled) ...ash...
-shoving him inside.
(sighs) ...no...
For me to die like this... (spitting, enraged)
(sighs) ...would be unfortunate.
(scoffs) What about him?
(trailing off) The Sniper has found John...
(growls) For Moose. SCREAMING, Iosef tumbles end over end, his body slamming into chute from which grain continues to pour, the hull close to full.
(fading) While his legs remain on deck, his upper torso sinks slightly, the grain covering his face, muting his screams...
Buried deep. (sighs) Fuck.
(disoriented) Jim. What the...
(remembering) Oh, yeah.
The Excelsior is on final approach. (sensually) For the next two months, you’ll enjoy luxury space travel. Food. Fun. New friends.
Your shipcard is your key to the starship. (flirtatiously) Don’t lose it!
(startled) Hello, robot.
(raising his hand) Can I just...
...thriving job markets in mining, farming and manufacturing. An explosion in the cultural arts. And if you long for the life less civilized, you can apply for a pioneer permit and seek your fortune in the wild. (a pregnant pause) Any questions?
(exploding) Where IS everybody?!
(insanely cheerful) Hello! What’s your question?
(pounding on the hatch) Come on! What the hell is happening?

Jim enters the planetarium of the future: theater seats facing a holographic “stage.” IN HOLOGRAM: An image of the starship hangs in space. Glowing text reads “Look through the eyes of the Starship Excelsior!”
(a voice as deep as God’s) What can I show you?
(impatiently) Show me Homestead II. IN HOLOGRAM: The planet Homestead II, Earth’s twin sister.
(walking away) Bite me.
Hi. I’m Jim Preston. I’m a passenger on the Excelsior. Something went wrong with my hibernation pod and I woke up too soon. Ninety years too soon. I can’t get back to sleep. Nobody else is awake. (with growing panic) If I don’t figure something out, I’m going to die of old age before we get to Homestead II. So help me out here. (takes a deep breath) I’ll keep trying to fix this. Maybe I missed something simple. But I could use a hand. Thanks.
(devastated) Fifty-five years.
(deflated) You’re a robot.
(taking a seat) I’m Jim.
(a challenge) How long until we get to Homestead II?

(snarling) Are you ready to play Z Factor?
(an echoing roar) Begin! IN HOLOGRAM: A fortress shines on a hilltop. War machines crawl over a blasted land. Letters flash: LEVEL ONE.
(elated) I am the Grand Master of Z Factor!
(drunkenly) Margarita otra vez!
(in Russian) [I am beginning to learn.]
RUSSIAN TEACHER (FILTERED)
(in perfect Russian, subtitled) [Good for you! It’s a beautiful language.]
(in Russian, subtitled) [I’m afraid I can’t help you, my friend.]
(in Russian, subtitled) [Don’t argue with me, robot. Give me a new drink.]
(reluctantly) There are no new drinks.
Who are you? (peers at her data screen) Aurora.
I know. (lays his head on the bar) I know.
(spelling it out) I know how to wake up Aurora.
(looking up) Arthur, you’re a machine.
Seriously wrong. You can’t do it.
Don’t even think about it. (astonished at himself) I’m shaving off my beard.
(shouting) Hello!
(a husky whisper) Hi. (mustering a shout) Hello!
(shouting) Hey! I want to talk to you!
(shouting) I’ll come down.
It’s the corporate mentality. (looking at Jim) Where are we going?
(a shocked whisper) Eighty-nine years to go.
(getting it) You don’t think there’s a way back into hibernation.
(dreading the answer) How long have you been awake, Jim?
What about other ships? (off Jim’s stare) Jim?
(feeling very stupid) I never thought of other ships.
(peering at the star map) The starship Zephyr.
(yawning) I think I have to.
Congratulations. (off Jim’s face) You don’t look happy.
(awkwardly) I’m no expert. But I think so.
(she gets up angrily) Well, it looks to me like you missed some possibilities. And I’m not ready to give up.
(into camera) My name is Aurora Dunn. I’m doing a long-term piece on the colony worlds. I know you won’t get this message for a long time...but you should know I’m in trouble.
And the words have always been there when I needed them. (she laughs) I would never have lasted a year with no one but robots to talk to. They’re all such idiots!
Dirty martini! (to Jim) Now this is a robot I can talk to.
Android, technically. (to Arthur) Whiskey and soda.
(collecting herself) My God, I almost forgot my life is in ruins.
Good night. (to Jim, sotto voce) She’s wonderful. Excellent choice.
(crushed) That was my last good idea.
(chiding) That’s HomeStead Company propaganda.
(triumphantly) So they fill your head with dreams, discount your ticket, and you fly off to populate their planet and pay HomeStead ten percent of everything you do for the rest of your life. You think you’re free? You’re just part of the business plan.
(chuckling, caught) She’s a midwife. I didn’t know they still had midwives.
(pointing at a man and woman side by side) Married, or strangers?
(impressed) Yes.
(indicating a young woman) Sixteen, twenty-six, or thirty-six?
(about an older woman) Politician, historian, or artist?
(perplexed) I left Earth for a new life. But you end up back where you started.
My friends threw me this huge farewell party. Everyone came. It was the happiest, saddest night. And look what it’s all come to. (she sighs) Jim, I can’t think of anything else to try. To save us, I mean. I don’t even want to think about it anymore. So. What is there to do around here?
(to the robot) Is he asking me on a date?
(confidentially) We’re on a date!
(to Jim, teasing) Took you long enough to ask.
(laughing) “My Life in a Tin Can.”
You are the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen. You’re so beautiful it hurts me.
(breathlessly) That was incredible.

(looking at Jim) Is that so?
(laughing) Exactly! There you go.
(in agony) How could you do it?
It wasn’t like that.
(mocking) “Find true love on the Starship Excelsior! Romance between the Stars! The woman of your dreams!” Was it everything you thought it would be?
This is sick. (she glares at him) Show me how you did it.
(lamely) Rate two mechanic.

(drunk) You! Tuesday’s my day with Arthur.
And I was right. But I woke her up, Arthur. I woke her up, and she says I killed her. And now she’s gone. She’s gone. (sobbing) Gimme another bottle.
I haven’t written in days. I don’t know why. It’s the old problem, I guess. Who’s my reader? Who am I talking to? What’s it for? (she sighs) I used to love it.
I promise you we’ll think of you every day. When you wake up, I know we’ll be gone...but you just know that we lived our lives remembering you, and holding you in our hearts. (She starts to cry.) I don’t understand, baby. I’m trying, but I can’t believe I’m losing you. (She tries to soldier.) I hope you find what you’re looking for. I hope it makes you happy.
(pointing at the tree) Who did that?
Mechanic, huh? (to Aurora) And who are you?
Gus Mancuso, Senior Deck Chief. Nice to meet you. (looks at the tree again) How long have you been awake?
I always get a hibernation hangover but this is the worst ever. (he drinks) So it’s just the two of you?
Two years. Ouch. (looks them in the eye) You know what it means, right? There’s no way back into hibernation.
That’s tough. (he shakes his head) Hibernation failure! They said it couldn’t happen. And now three on one trip. Aurora shoots Jim a look. Gus doesn’t notice.
So where you from, Gus?
(doing the math) How old does that make you?
Oh. Hang on... (he does mental math) About six hundred years ago.
Most of that I lost to hibernation or relativity. Doesn’t really count. (he coughs again) I tell you, I feel about six hundred years old right now. I woke up hard.
I think I will. (he climbs to his feet) Tomorrow morning, eight bells, you meet me beside that tree of yours. Until I figure out what’s wrong with the Excelsior, you work for me. Jim and Aurora smile.
All right. Last night I checked ten atmosphere stations and two of them were burned out. Twenty percent failure rate. Unheard of. So we’re going to see how far the rot runs. (to Aurora) You. You’re going to walk Decks Two, Three, and Four, and check every atmosphere station. Green light good, red light bad, no light really bad. Write down what you find, I want a complete census.
(to Jim) You. Go down to the Ship’s Stores. Find atmosphere station CPUs and take an inventory of the spares. I know what the manifest says, but lists ain’t facts.
(holding Jim’s eyes) I looked at your pod. Very simple. The clock chips burned out. Not supposed to happen, but it’s simple.
My pod was complicated. A bunch of different failures at once, the whole thing went haywire. I think that’s why I feel so bad. (points at Aurora’s pod) But this pod...
Yeah.
No, it’s a bad thing. But... (he shrugs helplessly) Look. When a drowning man drags somebody down with him, you don’t call it right. But he’s drowning. A starving man steals a loaf of bread, what can you say? You should have starved?
(aside, to Jim) Gus always dances with the ladies.
(hiding his horror) It’s a few things.
(losing his temper) I’ll tell you the cause. My goofy hibernation pod is the cause.
Xanadu at eight. (exiting) Now stop shouting at me.
(to Jim) Ladies love the dress blues. (to both of them) Thanks for coming. Sorry to run out today, but I didn’t have a lot of time, and there was a lot to do.
(shocked) Are you sure about this?
(tenderly) It’s all right, Aurora. It’s all right.
(under his breath) What’s happening?
It started two years ago. Thirty years with no trouble, then forty-seven failures in a single day. (reading the list) Structural concussion. System overvoltage.
(together) Don’t touch anything.
(flipping through her manual) Let me try an override code.
I think I’m all right. (his eyes go wide) Look.
(a brainstorm) The computers are networked. Ever since the core computer got blown away, all the other computers must have been carrying the load. Running at full capacity around the clock for two years. They’re burning out.
(frowning) Jim!
(groggy) I’m fine.
(exasperated) I’m drifting helplessly.
(finding her voice) Jim!
(horrified) They’re not empty.
Because she's one-sixteenth Chickasaw Indian, and you can't fuck with that kind of diversity. (scowling after Carla) No, that bitch is bulletproof...
Those bitches better vaccinate their filthy children or I swear to God I will go off-- (waving sweetly to them) Hey Meg! Hey Shar! Love your pants!
Look at their fucking kids. They look like hostages. (smiling, to Tiger Moms) Hey Karen call me!
Cool, let me know how many hotels you can close by Friday. (exiting, stops) Oh hey, you coming out with us to lunch? We're doing Barbecue &
(troubled) Oh. Wow. Do you need extra help? Or maybe another tutor?
(grinning, then) Wait... What if I don't play?! What if I'm a benchwarmer?!
No! It was just...a prostate thing-- (struggling with mouse) Why won't this window close?!
(beat) Okay yes obviously I'm masturbating with another woman on Skype.
(looking at screen) 5 minutes and 22 seconds.
(looking at his boring tie) Thanks...it's blue...?
(handing her a flyer) Hey babe, there's an emergency PTA meeting today at 5. Should only last 2-3 hours.
(to Roscoe) Please just be okay, buddy--
(noticing her look) Rough day?
(dramatic beat) The Bake Sale.
And the first volunteer for my Bake Sale Police Force is... (looking up, seeing Amy) Amy Mitchell! That's what you get for being late, sweetie!
I've had a really long day. I've been burned, bruised, and knocked unconscious. I screwed up my daughter's first day of soccer and I hand-searched my son's poo for a pen cap he ate and my dog has vertigo and I have no help at home and I feel completely alone and old and unfuckable and I'm drowning at work and three hours ago I may or may not have committed a felony hit and run. And that was just today. (beat) I can't do this anymore. I can't give any more of myself. There's none of me left. And there's no way I'm going to be on your fucking Bake Sale Police Force. I'm sorry, I'm done. I quit.
(sitting) Yes okay I'd love an apple juice!
(pouring Kiki a scotch) Try this instead.
(horrified, smiling) You sleep with felons?!
So screw it... (raising her glass) Let's be bad moms.
(mouth full) I'd recommend the Ding-Dongs, but you can have whatever you want. (shuffling off) We're leaving in five minutes...or however long it takes me to find my pants.
(a bit thrown) Oh. Yes. I suppose it is.
(back to phone) --named Janet. And I think we might be best friends.
Great! Then act like it! (hangs up, smiles at Janet) You gonna finish your scone?
Yeah. (beat) On the plus side she left way too much money so it looks like we're gonna get fucked up. (to WAITRESS) Can you send our water server over here as soon as possible thank you.
Can I be honest? I think you need to chill the fuck out. Here, have a donut hole... (offering the box) Seriously. They're amazing. They're made in China--
(on ground, scared) Sorry Gwendolyn!
(seeing her) Fuck. (smiling, friendly) Hey Gwendolyn!
(flipping through clothes) Dude, what are you gonna wear?
(repulsed) Is it a dress? Or a sweater?
(smiling, then) Oh shit you're serious.
Oh no, my daughter doesn't have a sexy bra, she's only 16. (thinking about it) Look behind her dresser. Kiki races out--
I don't know! I've only been with Mike and like three other guys... (spotting a HOT LATIN GUY) Oo, what about a Latin guy?! I've never been with a Latin guy before!
(shaking her hand) Braden. I like your wedding ring.
(weirded out) Yeah I think I'm gonna sit somewhere else.
Oh my god, I'm so sorry... (to his FRIENDS) You guys go ahead without me.
Yeah, I love teaching English. Books allow kids to talk about what they're really feeling but are too embarrassed to say, you know? (off Amy's dreamy gaze) Oh no am I the guy in the bar who won't stop talking about his job?
No! That's not the only reason... (thinking) I also miss Jane and Dylan. Mostly Dylan, but I miss Jane too.
(shoving him out) Great, have fun on Skype--
Okay...well...you know... (then, getting an idea) Not for long.
(pouring tears) I'm already going! Look at me!
It was pretty good. (then) Oh crap what time is it?!
Yes I would. (as Mike) Hey, I'm Mike and I have no idea how good I have it! I've got a wife who takes care of everything in the world for me and all I have to do is not jack off on Skype three times a day but I still do that anyway because I'm a fucking idiot--
You know they have a TV at the hotel, right? (to Amy) I'll see you later.
(clapping, then) You know that's not an actual job, right?
(wiping away tears) Yeah I'm fine everything's fine...
(taking a bite) It's so light!
(laughing) Goodbye Mr. Harkness.
Okay, for lunch I made you a hummus wrap with kale, okay? (her kid just looks at her) I know it's gross but it's really good for you. I'll see you at your baseball game tomorrow night, okay?
(touched, surprised) You're really gonna come?
(a revelation) You did my make-up.
(touched) Oh, you're serious.
I don't think you're even human. (whispering) If I killed you, would you die?
You think they've ever had lunch? Probably don't even know what it is. ‘Wanna go to lunch?' Probably think it's a day-spa. (to Jesse) Hey, you wanna come? We're going to this club in West Hollywood. Please. You'll be saving me from a thirty minute ride with the world's only living exoskeletons.
(louder) Ruby? Do you know Ruby?
(shouts) We're in here!
(dreamy) Oh, Andrew...
(shouts) We're in here!
Well, he's stoned out of his mind and acting like an asshole, surprise-surprise. (to Ruby) Move.
(suggestively) Jesse and I will wait here.
(distracted) Sorry...?
(defensive) I cut myself when the mirror broke.
(quietly) It's everything.
(desperately) What do I do?
Hey, now. I'm just being friendly. Just wanna make sure you're getting something out of this deal. Symbiotic relationship, you know? Cuz if you're not - (whispers) Got plenty other girls here. Take a peek in room twenty-two if you get a chance. Rented it yesterday to a girl from Sandusky, Ohio. Run away from home. Thirteen years old.

(sincere) I'm having a really good time.
(a little too harsh)
Jan Campbell-Cooper's Office. Oh, hi, Brad! (whispering) It's your ex-husband.
(confused) That's what I just said.
(to Jesse) Run!
(to Jack) I'm sorry -
(confused) You do know this is a restaurant?


(quietly) Shut up, Sarah.
(her mouth full) Hey! What did I do that you didn't do?
(to Ruby) Remember? ‘The only virgin in LA, and I got her.'
(to Gigi) She was my friend.
(forceful) I said I'll take it.
(interrupting) Grace Kelly.
(dreamy) Because she's perfect.
(whispered) She's always here.
(an insult) Are you new?
(annoyed) It's Anna.
(whispers) Jesse?
(confused) We slept together.
(a realization) I thought I could make you love me. I thought - But it's too hard. All of it. All of it. Be young. Be thin. Be perfect. It's too hard. (pointed)
What's the story?
(disappointed) There was no card.
(flat) It's just a regular day.
(to Maurice) Lizy Bennett?
Lizy, Eliza... Elizabeth Bennett... (the answer comes to him) Pride and Prejudice.
They called her 'Lizy' in the book... (beat) Sorry I was late. My jeep died on
(on the end of his words) Kris, go to the pharmacy. Ask Mr.
(snapping out of it) What?
(very emotional) Sometimes people need to see things
(raising his voice) You don't think I love you?
(lowering the volume) I want to be shown... (beat) Maurice would you do anything for me?
(soft) No I don't. I don't even know if
Exactly. No reason. No occasion. how... (beat) How come you'd do that for a piece of metal and not for me?
(whispering) You missed mommie... worried when I
(with all his heart) I will -- I promise.
We'll have a hand-painted sign... (another grand swirl) ... Parker Books.
(understanding) We could do this tomorrow?
(shaking) Maurice, can we go into the dining room?
(to himself) Please God -- don't do this.
(this is painful) Yes... Seventeen years.
He's getting my sweater from the car. I said there was a breeze. (shaking her head) I told him not to go.
(playing along) Okay.
Damn baby, relax. I'm getting to (taking on a rehearsed tone) From Philadelphia following the
I always knew you had good (beat) Goodbye Kris. I'll see you when I
I better go... (Ellen starts for her booth) ... Come over if you get hungry.
(barely audible) Walk with me?

(looking ahead)
Ellen got up every morning and went to about three thousand miles... (he smiles to himself) And you know what Kris?
(upset) Don't be so sure.
(shaky voice) What if something happens to one of
(seething with anger) No, I just don't want anybody dying
You need a ride, Preacher?
(stepping closer) A wife?... Did someone piss drunk like a bug. Snapped her bones?
Oh the preacher's getting angry (Denny goes ice cold) Tell me something. Did she die torn muscle and shattered bone?
(distorted and slowed) Step away from him now!
(listening) He was assaulted by a group of men
Uncle Maurice -- I spent all our outside, just listen to me. (beat) Come back with me now, and if you
(whispering) What if you don't make it?
Don't bring it in here -- it
Maurice is reading his paper.
(under his breath) Here comes the resume.
(panting) It's okay. It's all over.
(frantic) Oh no... she's wearing a seat-belt.
Too long... (looks around) Excuse me gentlemen.
(smiles) That son of a bitch made it to
(very soft voice) Umm, Elm Creek, Nebraska.
(flustered again) Umm, no. It's just that --
Whipped.
See there are two kinds of people in this world. (beat) ... Just a short one okay?
(beaming) That's me.
(unstrapping it) It's yours.
(whispers) Why didn't I meet you fifteen years ago?
I'm afraid Ellen... I'm scared of happy? (beat) I could have been alone before, but
The day I met you, I gave you my Parker, I promise -- (she shakes him with emphasis) I promise, you will never be alone
(hands the fax over) Umm, Coalville Utah.
(whisper) It's over Ellen... I failed you
You said I would never be alone!... You promised... (his yelling turns to sobs)
(softly) Where am I?
(scared) I suppose I over did it.
(louder) I'm completing the walk. I'm
Okay, Maurice keep it calm... (beat) We can talk about this again, but
(a little confused) What do you mean?

(running his hand over his arm) Saluting.
(not looking at Kris) No more words. Until I touch the
They told me, you might try to talk own good. (beat) I've been following your story for
Good luck.
(whispering) It's not too late.
The moral of the story is... She being... (beat) I hope everyone clearly understands pants dirty for my uncle?
(a born actor) They can do that?
Don't stop Maurice!
The Doors, the musical group. I it turned into a war. (beat) ... I'm not stopping this concert
Bring him in. Now! If he dies out (to himself) Let alone the Mayor.
Holy shit.
(pacifying her) The beach of Pacifica, California.
(yelling) He's almost dead. Can't you see
(with unspeakable admiration) Watch your step Mr. Parker.
(faux chivalrous) Take your bag?
(to Mandy) We're going, right? You clear it with your aunt?
(distant) Hey, guys!
(so Emmet can hear) Creepy boy... You don't have to
(to Jake) So who gets it this weekend, Romeo?
(nasal) But can Tyrone handle the irascible Mandy Lane?
(soft) Fuck is that, Jake?
(quiet) Suckers.
(to Mandy) Sure you don't want to come with me, angel?
(off dog) Easy boy... Easy...
(defensive) What do you mean?
(off painting) I feel like we're being watched.
(stern) Marlin.
(Brando) "Go get the butter."
(under cough) Liar.
(covering) Mandy. Truth or Dare.
(soft) Dare.
(thinking) Okay. Go outside and invite Garth
(to dog) Hey, sweet thing.
(summoning courage) Join us for a drink?
(laughing) Sorry! Sorry, Jake.
(deadpan) I'm really suffering.
(the opportunist) Let me see your legs.
(dubious) Where exactly did you go?
(soft) Show us.
(quiet, scared) I want to go home now.
(soft) Ty...
(laughing) Come on, Mandy. I'll go with you.
(off painting) Was he trapped there with them?
(off Tyrone) Christ, why you always pointing that gun at me?
(to Landor) It's okay.
(to Tyrone) You're going to point that thing at the floor, nice and slow, and then you're going to engage the safety, and then you're going to hand it over to me. Any of you gets hurt, Mr. Gravlin'll kill me.
Mine flooded. Some were drowned. Some were trapped in air pockets deep beneath the ground. Times at night I could swear I hear them tapping, waiting for their rescue. (beat) Old Tuck never sent a rescue party.
(she lies) I noticed that...
(soft) He didn't sell the herd, Red. Can't sell them sick like that.

I didn't come here for fun. (beat) Landor keeps me company.
Don't worry. Power'll come back on in a minute. Happens all the time.
Look, dude. I'm going to start the generator, and then I'm going to get the fucking car. (beat) You stay with the girls.
That'll spook 'em.
I don't care if we never see that jerk again. (off the joint) What the fuck are you doing?
(exhaling smoke) He what?!
What is it, boy?
(smirk) My cousin Jen. She's 21. She'd do a number on a nice guy like you.
Help!
(to Tyrone) What happened? He do this to you?
(struggling) I don't know...
(crying) Why can't we just leave?
(to Red and Chloe) We'll take care of Ty. Try to
Texas chick. (chambers a round) Of course I know. Go, you guys. Be careful.
You just keep that sense of humor, Tyrone. (to Mandy) And you keep gentle pressure.
No. We stick together.
(whisper) Someone's there.
(to Chloe) It's over now. It's almost over.
(whisper) Red's here.
(whisper) Run! Run!
(soft) I left him alive for a reason.
(quietly) You're going to have to work faster than that.
(guard down) You knew that!
(whispers) It's even more beautiful than the
I'm a professor of archaeology at University College London. I have a PhD in Egyptology. A masters in chemistry and another PhD in linguistics. I am fluent in four spoken languages, and two dead ones. (she smiles) And I'm a blackbelt in Krav Maga.
Now all we need is someone who can read Aramaic. (She smiles wryly) Good thing I know a guy.
(to the class) Give me a moment, please.
Who's this guy? (looks to Benji) Who are you?
(to Benji) Word to the wise... walk, don't run from this one!
Yeah. Shut up. (to Benji) Did she tell you last time I saw
(sheepish) I couldn't let the lead go dead.
It was in Iran wasn't it. (catches himself) Forget I asked, I don't care. (stops) It was though, wasn't it.
You are such a lunatic. (to the camera) She is a total lunatic. Be careful. (to Scarlett) I'll help translate. But that's it!
(before going) I knew it would be in Iran.
(”oh my God!”) It says the Philosopher's Stone is in the Champs Elysee's Starbucks bathroom.
Let me do this right... (reads) “Winged vulture leads your way,
(loud whisper) Shine the light in here.
No.
(shouts) Entrez! (to Scarlett) My team.
(to George) I don't care what you do, but make up your mind now.
Wait! We're going in the wrong direction. We need to be going that way.
According to legend, this statue will bite off your hand if you tell a lie.
I didn't thank you.
(playful) Don't kid yourself. You wouldn't want to go toe-to-toe with me. I'm pretty tough.
(sings) La Taupe, La Taupe, La Taupe. C'est moi, c'est moi, c'est moi. Papi, Papi, Papi, ion, ion ion.
(to the camera) You cannot film me! I do not permit to you filming me.
(reluctant) Yeah. Me too. If you're right, this could be the greatest archaeological find... ever. As big as finding the Holy Grail.
(under his breath) Asshole.
(to Papillon) This “Mole” guy always so annoying?
I can't imagine a place I'd less want to eat mushrooms. (thinks) Maybe jail. It's a toss up.
(to George) Come closer. Get close.
(to La Taupe) Arret!
(to La Taupe) We need to go deeper.
(to Scarlett) At what point will you stop?
If we can't, we die. So we will.
(sings) Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale, A tale of a fateful trip, That started from this tropic port Aboard this tiny ship.
(bummed) Dommage. I was excited to be rich.
No! The founder of the Rosecrucians?! Holy shit. (catches his language, apologizes to the corpse) Sorry. (to Scarlett) His tomb was found by Rosicrucians in the 1600s. Along with the secrets of...
(translates) “Visit the Interior Parts of the Earth; by Rectification Thou Shalt Find the Hidden Stone.”
(to La Taupe) That water must be going somewhere.
(to La Taupe) I thought you didn't believe in any of this.
Can you hear me?
(quiet) Maybe he knows a way out. (calling out) Do you know a way out?
(very serious) Let's just keep going.
(shaken) I don't think so.
(to Zed) Come here! Put your hand here! Keep pressure!
(barely audible)
(quiet) Shhh.
No.
(very quickly) The “soul eater.” In Egyptian mythology, after you died, you went to the underworld where your heart was weighed against a feather. If your heart weighted more than a feather, the soul eater, would eat your heart and you were condemned to nothingness.
(beat) Thank you, sir. I'll take it up
That's- that was brilliant. (beat) Why're you wearing that make-up?
(quietly) Chisick Cross.
Fr- friend? (snapping out of it) Your name, friend! Your name!
Sir, unhand me immediately. (beat)
What compelling imagery.
(lagging behind) They've stolen the take, that's all our pay!
(coughing) What?
I'm not in the circus. I...I've never been out of the circus. (beat)
(beat) Listen, I didn't...I didn't over-estimate your intelligence, did I, because-
Igor. Igor. Yeegor. Eyegor. (cut) Hello, my name is Yaygor- no that's bloody awful- (cut) Oh hello, Duchess, my name is Igor. An actor? Ha, duchess you flatter me, as a matter of fact, I'm a doctor-
(beat, awkwardly) Inspector, I've been meaning to say...I, that is to say, all of us at the Yard- what happened with Claudia is a tragedy, sir.
(back to business) There was an accident with a high
(quietly) Chisick Cross.
(horrified) The- the what-
(happy about the duck) Mhm.
(beat) The animals.
For parts. (in response to Igor's confusion) I believe an explanation is in order. My interest in you did not stem from charity. (beat) I think it's time you met my
No. Not study. (beat) I am of the strong belief that
(after a beat) ...Agreed. I want to help change
I'm just saying the act- of sperm, the sperm can move- (hiccup) The sperms can move into the egg,
(faltering) He's quite brilliant, really, just not so much of a...person for talking to people.
(audible over the crowd) I've seen a rat nest in a brain!
I...like you, as well. Yes. (beat, straightens up) Igor, tonight was not meaningless
(loudly) Presentation! Big presentation in hall H!
(hurriedly) I built this homunculus out of parts primarily taken by from the London Zoo, which has had much difficulty in care of their exotic animals. He is primarily-primarily chimpanzee, but with help from my partner Igor, we have interlaced multiple individuals, multiple species- Igor is it ready, good- If you'll all come closer, please.
Of course. (beat) I couldn't let it hurt you, could I?
I...apologize, Victor. I had...misjudged you. Your flaws, though they are glaring and massive are...merely social, not intellectual. I find your work astonishing, innovative, and...to be perfectly frank...brilliant beyond my own ability to comprehend.
(quietly) Yes...
No, I should. I should I should (is overcome) I saw the way they treated you,
(collecting herself) What I'm saying is you mustn't
Igor. You look...slimmer. I see you've finally organized your hair. (beat) You know your parents are worried sick about you, I assume. Tina has been in regular correspondence.
(to Igor) Leave.
(peering at him through the magnifier) Hello Mister Alistair.
Ha. Well would you look at that. (flips the list over) “Igor.”
do. (beat) I've resurrected rats before, and they came out...you know, mostly alright, and that was before I had your gifted hands. You can save a life or let it disappear.
What's this tizzy? What do you want me to do? Bring it back? (tinkling laugh) Of course we have to kill the infant. I'm afraid this isn't negotiable; I'd really be much more comfortable knowing the thing was properly disposed off.
Interesting you said “shoe” rather than “shoes.” (beat) Something wrong, Mr. Straussman?
Oh! That's right! I do recall reading about it: the hunchback bridge. (beat) Wasn't there talk of...witchcraft?
Listen, Alistair, I got excited in there but... (beat) I'm not mad.
I found my way home, but they found Henry the next morning....not Dead Henry had...died. Only moments before my father returned. He was fourteen. (beat) It changed my father. Broke him. He lost hope in everything, became...you've seen him. You've seen what he became. And I suppose it changed me, too. I could no longer, like so many do, live in fear of death, in fear of life, these mystical things. No. I had to see them made tangible. Henry deserved a second chance. My father deserved a second chance, everyone deserves a second chance. And now I've built something that can finally...
(one last try) Victor!
(laughing) Did I scare you?
I thought since you were so bold in the morning, I should be bold tonight... (beat) Will you come with me to Baron Bomine's Christmas ball?
(mumbling) There you are.
(barely conscious) F...Finnegan.
Very well, very well, good for you. (beat) You know, I knew Igor Straussman.
So let's see: your benefactor has departed, your home has been ransacked by police, your identity revealed as a fraud...Do you understand what I'm saying? (beat) What I'm getting at, old sport, is that you won't be missed.
You know you and Victor aren't the only ones with vision. You aren't the only ones trying to change the world. I too have a dream of the future. A dream where the British empire extends not just to India and Africa, but over the entire globe. A world where dead enemy soldiers are reassembled into new British troops. I see an unkillable army of your monsters, one million strong, marching across Paris, Moscow, Washington DC... (beat) Oh, you don't approve. I'd “Igor.”
Igor...You once told me of a world you and Victor wanted to create. A world filled with hope instead of fear. It is a beautiful, beautiful dream. (beat) Don't let them turn it into a
Deceived you, really? Is that what I did? Did you ever even think to ask? Of course not, because for all your genius, all your inventions, you're still a small mind, Frankenstein. You deserve to be used, you require it, because you can only see the little picture, sight, but no vision! (straightens himself) Victor, now isn't the time nor the place for a philosophical debate. Activate the Cloud Hook.
(somewhere in the smoke) Igor! Is that you down there?
Damn it, enough! Enough! I've seen you do wondrous things Victor, some terrible but wondrous things. You're the greatest mind of your generation, but your blindness has already cost too much! (summons up courage) I've seen the way your father treats you! This will never be good enough for him! Nothing you ever do will be good enough for him, you could resurrect all of England and he would scoff and call you a disappointment! You can't bring your brother back!
(frantic) Those things I said back in England, you have to know I didn't mean any of it. I was just upset, I respect you- more than any other person, you must know- Igor I'm so sorry-
(gasping his words through agony) Listen, Igor, listen to me. I didn't kill Straussman. I found him in the living room, I thought he was asleep but then I saw the needle...and then the pragmatist in me just took over, as he always does, and he wasn't a man anymore just pieces, just new equipment. I swear to you though I didn't ki-
I don't know you, hunchback. Don't know Victor. Maybe I thought I did... (beat) In those last moments, I wasn't
All I wanted, all that mattered, is that I would see my daughter again. And you've given me that. (beat) I don't imagine that I have much
No, I'm through with Great Britain; nothing left for me there. I think perhaps you're quite right about my father, for now, and I've been expelled from school, hunted by the law, and betrayed by a power-hungry nobleman, thoroughly electrocuted and finally impaled by a monster of my own idiotic creation and nearly burnt to death in a Belgian windmill. (laughs) I think it's time I started fresh, yes?
I can't go with you. (quickly) I would, I- I can't. Lorelei is waiting for me back in London. I love her, Victor, and there are-opportunities for me- I can have a life of my own, Victor. A real life.
(haltingly) You have made incredible sacrifices in the purpose of our cause, shown shocking amounts of tenacity, bravery and loyalty to me as a friend and collaborator, it would be wrong of me to ask you to give up the opportunity to be with the woman you love and-
They've upgraded their estimate. (beat) The storm's gonna be worse.
“...based on current escalation, estimate a force of... (shit) “Eighty-six hundred Newtons.”
(reading) “Begin abort procedures.”
(nods) Let's wait it out.
Watney, report --(no reply)WATNEY, REPORT!
(stumbling) I can't see anything --
It didn't finish transmitting. (works her arm computer) I have the raw packet. It's plaintext:BP 0, PR 0, TP 36.2.
Copy. (then) Blood pressure zero. Pulse rate zero.
(hesitates) Uh. Yes. Ma'am. I could take manual control.
I just ordered you to. You three, get to the ship. (as they hesitate)
Copy. (then) Martinez, try the radar.
(disbelief) You're afraid of a PR problem?
Annie, one thing at a time. (to Vincent) Prove it to me.
(points to images) For starters, the solar panels have been cleaned.
(stands up) I need to get on a plane to Chicago.
(Why? Oh...) Mark's parents.
(nods) They should hear it from me before it breaks on the news.
He's alive. But if my math is right, he's gonna starve to death long before we can help him. (then) I'm not exactly looking forward to that conversation.
Can you even imagine what he's going through? He's fifty million miles from home. He thinks he's totally alone and that we all gave up on him. What kind of effect does that have on a man's psychology? (then) What's he thinking about right now?
(nods) This is the problem Mark faces. He's alone. And he needs to make contact to survive. But if we could talk to him, we'd tell him to stay put. Mark needs to trust we're doing everything in our power to bring him home alive.
(um...) Okay.
Three months. (off Bruce) You're gonna say that's impossible, then I'm gonna give a speech about the blinding capabilities of the JPL team. And then you'll do the math in your head and say something like “The overtime alone will be a nightmare.”
(oh god I didn't even think of that) The overtime will be a nightmare.
I'll buy you a new one. (to Mindy) What's the Hab's location?
Hard to say. We lost contact in ‘97. We think it was battery failure. (then) Though I'd like to point out it lasted three times longer than expected in any scenario.
(off Vincent's look) Tim is our finest comm tech, and we all appreciate his acerbic wit.
Mark, please watch your language...
I made the mistake of typing it into Google. (off Teddy's look) Don't. (then) Problem is, Mark's right. This is only gonna get worse the longer we wait. We need to tell the crew.
I shouldn't have to clear this with you or Vincent or anyone else. (then) It's time, Teddy.
(shrugs) Play it.
You were following orders. (then) I left him behind.
(nods) So with potatoes he can stretch to 609.
(does math) (fuck) Forty-seven days to make this probe.
“Dear Martinez, Mars is fine. I accidentally blew up the Hab, but unfortunately all of Commander Lewis' disco music still survived.”
(looking at Rich's calculations)  Four-hundred fourteen days. Not an ideal time to launch, is it?
(lost in his head) I need more coffee...
We're behind.
It's on me, Vincent. (to Bruce) You've got your two weeks. Get it done.
(goes cold) Shit. It shook loose in the bay.
Perhaps. Perhaps not. (hands Guo the brief) The Taiyang Shen's booster. Our engineers have run the numbers, and it has enough fuel for a Mars injection orbit.
(are you kidding?) Why hasn't NASA approached us?
(into phone) I'll call you back.
(realizing) Because it's a secret meeting.
(entering) If we're calling something Project Elrond, I would like my codename to be “Glorfindel.”
Teddy. (then) I'm the Director of NASA.
Okay, Teddy, you're Earth. And right now the Hermes is heading towards you and is about to start its month-long deceleration to intercept. But, instead, I'm proposing... (demonstrates) We start accelerating immediately, to preserve velocity and gain even more. We don't intercept Earth at all, but we come close enough to use a gravity assist to adjust course. While we're doing that...
Pick up whatever provisions we need... and then we're accelerating towards Mars. (to Annie) You're Mars. And we're going too fast at this point to fall into orbit, so it's a flyby.
(nods) Both plans require the Taiyang Shen, so we have to choose.
What about the Hermes crew? We'd be asking them to add... (does the math) 533 days to their mission.
He's at the Rover. (then) We're receiving a transmission.
Let's take a look. (as she works) Huh. This isn't a jpg. It's a plain ASCII text file. Looks like... I don't know what this looks like. Math equations. Does this make any sense to you?
(reads) “Rich Purnell Maneuver.” Ja. It is a course maneuver for the Hermes...
(nods) It's a brilliant course.
Yes sir. (to WEST) Captain, I appreciate your seeing me on such short notice.
(under his breath) Christ.
I'd like them moved up to Washington and assigned counsel. Someone who can really look into this. Someone who possesses not only the legal skill, but a familiarity with the inner workings of the military. In short, Captain, I'd like to suggest that... I be the one who, that it be me who is assigned to represent them. (beat) Myself.
(beat) But... not me.
Sorry!
(turning) Dave. You seem upset and distraught.
A yardarm? (calling out) Sherby, does the Navy still hang people from yardarms?
(calling back) I don't think so, Danny.
(back to SPRADLING) Dave, Sherby doesn't think the Navy hangs people from yardarms anymore. (back to the field) Let's go, let's get two!
(school class) 'Morning Captain Whitaker.
(beat) Come in, please, have a seat...
(beat) I see.
(to JO) No offense taken, if you were wondering.
(beat) Who hasn't?
(to KAFFEE) He's been in the papers lately. He's expected to be appointed Director of Operations for the National Security Counsel.
(whispering to kaffee) Guantanamo Bay.
(beat) Lieutenant, this letter makes it look like your client had a motive to kill Santiago.
Gotcha. (beat) And Santiago is... who?
(beat) The victim.
(to SAM) Write that down. (to JO) Am I correct in assuming that these letters don't paint a flattering picture of marine corps life in Guantanamo Bay?
He's a little preoccupied. (beat) The team's playing Bethesda Medical next week.
Transfer Santiago. Yes I suppose you're right. I suppose that's the thing to do. Wait. Wait. I've got a better idea. Let's transfer the whole squad off the base. Let's -- on second thought -- Windward. The whole Windward division, let's transfer 'em off the base. Jon, go on out there and get those boys down off the fence, they're packing their bags. (calling out) Tom!
(beat) I don't know that --
(beat) Those names sound like they should mean something to me, but I'm just not --
The Cuba thing! Yes! Dawson and Downey. (beat) Right. (pause) I've done something wrong again, haven't I?
Wow. (beat) I'm sexually aroused, Commander.
The doctor's report says that Santiago died of asphyxiation brought on by acute lactic acidosis, and that the nature of the acidosis strongly suggests poisoning. (beat) Now, I don't know what any of that means, but it sounds pretty bad.
(to DOWNEY) Do you ever talk?
(to DAWSON) Did anyone see you call the ambulance?
(to DAWSON) On the night of August 2nd, did you fire a shot across the fenceline into Cuba?
(to SAM) His mirror engaged?
(pause) I'm gonna give you the twelve years, but before you go getting yourself into trouble tomorrow, you should know this: The platoon commander Lt. Jonathan Kendrick, had a meeting with the men. And he specifically told them not to touch Santiago.
I know, and I'll... I guess, I mean -- (beat) I'll take it.
(beat) Danny, take the twelve years, it's a gift.
I never mentioned Kendrick. I don't even know who he is. (beat) What the hell. (beat) I'll see you tomorrow.
(shouting) Yeah.
(shouting) Whoa! Hold it! We gotta take a boat?!
(shouting) Is there a problem, sir?
(shouting) No. No problem. I'm just not that crazy about boats, that's all.
(shouting) Jesus Christ, Kaffee, you're in the Navy for cryin' out loud!
(shouting) Nobody likes her very much.
(shouting) Yes sir.
(shaking hands) Colonel.
(pause) Well... don't I feel like the fuckin, asshole.
(leaning forward) Four o'clock.
(beat) Have I done something to offend you?
(beat) Sounds good. Let's move on.
(beat) I'm pacing myself.
(standing) Thank you.
(to JO) See? The man was dead. Let's go.
(to JESSEP) I was wondering if you've ever heard the term Code Red.
(pause) Of course you can have a copy of the transfer order. For the file. I'm here to help anyway I can.
(to JO and SAM) Let's go.
(pause) When?
I think Kendrick ordered the Code Red. (beat) So do you.
(to Downey) Did he?
(continuing) And what happened then?
(waving him off) Hang on...
I didn't -- (to KAFFEE) Who is this?
Did you -- (to DAWSON and DOWNEY) Did she put you up to this?
What do we do then, sir? We joined the corps 'cause we wanted to live our lives by a certain code. And we found it in the corps. And now you're asking us to sign a piece of paper that says we have no honor. You're asking us to say we're not marines. If a judge and jury decide that what we did was wrong, I'll accept whatever punishment they give. But I believe I was riqht, sir. I believe I did my job. And I won't dishonor myself, my unit, or the Corps, so that I can qo home in six months. (beat) Sir.
(to Downey) Let's go in another room. Louden, everything's gonna be alright.
(beat) I think you'd lose.
(beat) You're such a coward, I can't believe they let you wear a uniform.
(continuing) What happened to saluting an officer when he leaves the room?
You just make a motion tomorrow morning at the arraignment. The judge'll ask you if you want to enter a plea. You tell him you want new counsel assigned.
(beat) Then that's that.
(beat) Yeah. One thing, though. When you ask the judge for new counsel, Danny, be sure and ask nicely.
(pause) Yeah. (beat) Tomorrow morning I'll get them a new attorney.
Another lawyer won't be good enough. They need you. You know how to win. (beat) You know they have a case. And you know how to win. You walk away from this now, and you have sealed their fate.
You know nothing about the law. You're a used car salesman, Daniel. You're an ambulance chaser with a rank. You're nothing. (beat) Live with that.
Yeah. (pause) They're not guilty.
Why does a junior grade with six months experience and a track record for plea bargaining get assigned a murder case? (beat) Would it be so that it never sees the inside of a courtroom?
(pause) I was wondering, now that Joanne's working on this... I was wondering if you still need me.
(pause) They were following an order, Sam.
What about motive?
Relax. We'll deal with the fenceline shooting when it comes up. For now we start here -- (pointing to INTENT) I don't know what made Santiago die, I don't want to know. I just want to be able to show it could've been something other than poison. Jo, talk to doctors. Find out everything there is to know about lactic acidosis. Let's start prepping for Stone.
(into phone) Captain Hill, this is Lt. Commander Galloway, I'm an internal affairs officer with the JAG Corps in Washington, D.C. I'm trying to track down a Captain Matthew Andrew Markinson, USMC...
(into phone) He resigned his commission a week ago Thursday.
(into phone) No, please don't put me on hold --
(beat) You mean other than the dead body?
(beat) He ordered me and Corporal Dawson to give Willy a Code Red.
(to Jo) His answers still have to come faster, Jo. The Iowa farmboy thing'll play for a while, but in the end it looks like he's searching for the truth.
(to Dawson & Downey) He's right, and from now on, "Willy" is Private Santiago. You start calling him Willy and all of a sudden he's a person who's got a mother who's gonna miss him.
(beat) And don't wear that perfume in Court, it wrecks my concentration.
(to SAM) I'll give you a ride.
(to SAM) You're a good man, Charlie Brown.
(beat) Oh. (beat) Okay. Good tip.
(pause) I'll do my best.
(standing) Yes sir.
There was no poison on the rag and there was no intent to kill and any attempt to prove otherwise is futile because it just ain't true. (beat) When Dawson and Downey went into Santiago's room that night, it wasn't because of vengeance or hatred, it wasn't to kill or harm, and it wasn't because they were looking for kicks on a Friday night. It's because it was what they were ordered to do. (beat) Let me say that again: It's because it was what they were ordered to do. Now, out in the real world, that means nothing. And here at the Washington Navy Yard, it doesn't mean a whole lot more. But if you're a marine assigned to Rifle Security Company Windward, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and you're given an order, you follow it or you pack your bags. (beat) Make no mistake about it, Harold Dawson and Louden Downey are sitting before you in judgement today because they did their job.
(continuing; to KAFFEE) Your witness.
Did that make you mad? (pause) You can tell the truth, corporal, it's alright. Did it make you mad?
(to KAFFEE) Your witness.
(to ROSS) Lieutenant?
(beat) If a person had a coronary disorder... or a cerebral disorder, the process would be more rapid.
(beat) Yes.
(reading) "Initial testing negative. Patient complains of chest pains, shortness of breath, and fatigue. Restricted from running distances over five miles for one week."
(continuing) I apologize, I, --
(pause) 'Cause they stand on a wall. (beat) And they say "Nothing's gonna hurt you tonight. Not on my watch."
(pause) Well, you sure hustled the shit outta him.
No you don't. (beat) I think you're an exceptional lawyer. I watch the jurors, they respond to you, they like you. I see you convincing them. I think Dawson and Downey are gonna end up owing their lives to you.
(pause) Jo... I think you have to prepare yourself for the fact that we're gonna lose. (beat) Ross's opening speech, it was all true. (beat) I mean, let's pretend for a minute that it would actually matter to this jury that the guys were given an order. We can't prove it ever happened. (beat) We'll keep doing what we're doing, and we'll put on a show, but at the end of the day, all we have is the testimony of two people accused of murder.
(beat) Never?
Good. (hands him the book) Would you turn to the chapter that deals with code reds, please.
(pause) No sir. No books, sir.
(greatly relieved) Thank you, sir.
(into phone) This is Lt. Commander Joanne Galloway. My clearance code is 411273.
(to SAM) I don't have a clearance code. Do you have a --
(into phone) It's Jo Galloway. I need to secure a witness.
(sing-song) "Kaffee's got his case now, Kaffee's got his case now."
Don't you dare lump me in with Jessep and Markinson and Kendrick because we wear the same uniform. I'm your friend, Danny, and I'm telling you, I don't think your clients belong in jail. But I don't get to make that decision. I represent the Government of the United States. Without passion or prejudice. And my client has a case. (pause) I want you to acknowledge that the judge advocate has made you aware of the possible consequences involved in accusing a marine officer of a felony without proper evidence.
(pause) You're a lousy softball player, Jack.
Sustained. (to KAFFEE) Watch yourself, counselor.
(beat) Not necessarily.
Lieutenant, was Dawson given a rating of Below Average on this last fitness report because you learned held been sneaking food to Private Barnes? (to ROSS) Not so fast. (to KENDRICK) Lieutenant?
What crime did he commit? (beat) Lieutenant Kendrick? (beat) Dawson brought a hungry guy some food. What crime did he commit?
Yeah, but it wasn't a order, was it? After all, it's peacetime. He wasn't being asked to secure a hill... or advance on a beachhead. I mean, surely a marine of Dawson's intelligence can be trusted to determine on his own, which are the really important orders, and which orders might, say, be morally questionable. (beat) Lt. Kendrick? (beat) Can he? Can Corporal Dawson determine on his own which orders he's gonna follow? (pause)
What are you telling me? (beat) He fixed the log book?
Nathan Jessep is about to be named Director of Operations for the National Security Council. You don't get to that position without knowing how to side-step a few land mines. (beat) And putting me on the stand isn't gonna make him step on one.
(pause) Absolutely.
Thank you. (to ROSS) Your witness.
(pause) You see sir, there was a flat tire.
(pause) No, sir.
(confused) Hal?
(a simple answer) Pretty much. Yeah.
(pause) I'll make a pot of coffee. We have a long night's work ahead.
She's gonna make coffee. That's nice. (beat) He wasn't in his room. (Kaffee's amazed) He wasn't even there. (beat) That was an important piece of information, don't you think?
(pause) Danny, it was just a setback. I'm sorry. But we'll fix it and then move on to Markinson.
(beat) Why would we want to do that?
(pause) You chicken-shit. You're gonna use what happened today as an excuse to give up.
Yes. No problem. We get it from him. (to SAM) Colonel, isn't it true that you ordered the Code Red on Santiago?
I'll bet he is. I'll bet he bores the shit outta the neighbors and the relatives. "Sam, made Law Review. He's got a big case he's making -- He's arguing making an argument." (pause) I think my father would've enjoyed seeing me graduate from law school. (beat) I think he would've liked that... an awful lot.
(looking around) I need my bat. I think better with my bat. Where's my bat?
Listen. (beat) Danny. (beat) When you're out there. If it's not gonna happen he's not gonna say it (beat) ...don't go for it.
If you think you can't get him. (beat) Yeah.
(beat) I think it doesn't matter what I think. I'm an administrator. (beat) I can't seem to defend people.
You're my hero, Joanne. (beat) From the first day, you were a lawyer. (beat) Live with that.
Where's Sam?
(continuing) As are you, Lieutenant.
(to ROSS) Is the Colonel's underwear a matter of national security?
Gentlemen. (to KAFFEE) You better get somewhere fast with this, Lieutenant.
Your honor, these are the telephone records from GITMO for August 6th. And these are 14 letters that Santiago wrote in nine months requesting, in fact begging, for a transfer. (to JESSEP) Upon hearing the news that he was finally getting his transfer, Santiago was so excited, that do you know how many people he called? Zero. Nobody. Not one call to his parents saying he was coming home. Not one call to a friend saying can you pick me up at the airport. He was asleep in his bed at midnight, and according to you he was getting on a plane in six hours, yet everything he owned was hanging neatly in his closet and folded neatly in his footlocker. You were leaving for one day and you packed a bag and made three phone calls. Santiago was leaving for the rest of his life, and he hadn't called a soul and he hadn't packed a thing. Can you explain that? The fact is there was no transfer order. Santiago wasn't going anywhere, isn't that right, Colonel.
(pause) Overruled.
(beat) Colonel?
Absolutely. My answer is I don't have the first damn clue. Maybe he was an early morning riser and he liked to pack in the nq. And maybe he didn't have any friends. I'm an educated man, but I'm afraid I can't speak intelligently about the travel habits of William Santiago.  What I do know is that he was set to leave the base at 0600. Now are these really the questions I was called here to answer? Phone calls and footlockers? Please tell me you've got something more, Lieutenant. Please tell me there's an ace up your sleeve. These two marines are on trial for their lives. Please tell me their lawyer hasn't pinned their hopes to a phone bill. (beat) Do you have any other questions for me, counselor?
(standing) Thanks, Danny. I love Washington.
(to RANDOLPH) I'd appreciate it if he addressed me as Colonel or Sir. I believe I've earned it.
(to RANDOLPH) I don't know what the hell kind of an outfit you're running here.
(continuing) What would you like to discuss now! My favorite color?
We believe it did, sir. (glancing at the paper, then motioning to the AIRMEN) Defense'll be calling Airman Cecil O'Malley and Airman Anthony Perez. They were working the ground crew at Andrews at two a.m. on the seventh.
(pause) Yes. That's correct, but --
Then why the two orders? (beat) Colonel? (beat) Why did you --
(quietly) Did you order the code red?
(beat) I did the job you sent me to do.
(pause) You're goddamn right I did.
(as a friend) Jack.
I'm being charged with a crime? I'm -- that's what this is -- (to Ross) Marine! (Ross keeps going) Marine!! (Ross is doing his job.) I'm being charged with a crime? I'm -- that's what's happening? This -- I'm -- this is funny, you know that, this is --
Don't call me son. (beat) I'm a lawyer, and an officer of the United States Navy. And you're under arrest you sonofabitch.
(reading) On the charge of Murder, the Members find the defendants Not Guilty.
(pause) You don't need to wear a patch on your arm to have honor.
Yeah. (pause) So what do you say? How 'bout a celebration?
I'm gonna get started on Henry Williamson. (beat) Stand my post for a while.
(wistful) John Laroche is a tall guy, skinny as a stick, pale-eyed, slouch-shouldered and sharply handsome despite the fact that he is missing all his front teeth.
And we're thrilled you're interested.
(looking up) So --
(kindly) Yeah, it is a bit. So, why don't you tell me your thoughts on this crazy little project of ours.
(thrilled but controlled) That'd be fun.
God, they're such beautiful flowers.    And so sexy. Y'know? (whispering) Did you know that orchid means --
(shrieks with delight) Testicle! Can you believe it!
(hugging him) A wonderful choice! And spiritually significant! Did you know that Native Americans believe the whole world rests on the back of a turtle?
(covering heartbreak) Yeah, of course. Sure.
Oh, Okay then! Let's see... (peeking in bags) Five kinds of bromeliad, one peperomia, nine orchid varieties. About a hundred and thirty plants all told, which my colleagues have removed from the swamp.
Yes, sir, it is. (afterthought) Oh, and my colleagues are all Seminole Indians. Did I mention that? You're familiar, I'm sure, with the State of Florida v. James E. Billie.
Yeah, but I don't... I can't let you fellas go yet. Just hold on while I... (into radio) Hey, Barry, can I get some help? Barry?
(big build up) I'm gonna be a screenwriter!   Like you!
(muffled by pillow) Screenwriting seminars are bullshit.
(indicating his back) I just need to lie down while you explain this to me. Sorry. I apologize. (lies down, stares at ceiling) Okay, go ahead. Sorry. Okay. Go.
(pointing to each) Coch-le-ata. Tem-pen-sis. (checks Owen's spelling) Okay, let's see, twenty-two Epidendrum Nocturnum. A very good haul. Two Catopsi Floribunda. Three Polyrrhiza Lindenii, the ghost orchid. What I really came for. These sweeties grow nowhere in the U.S. except in your swamp.
Okay, I've been a professional horticulturist for twelve years. I've owned a plant nursery of my own which was destroyed by the hurricane. I'm a professional plant lecturer. I've given at least sixty lectures on the cultivation of plants. I'm a published author, both in magazine and book form. I have extensive experience with orchids, and the asexual micropropagation of orchids under aseptic cultures.   This is laboratory work, not at all like your nursery work. (grins) I'm probably the smartest person I know.
(through a blanket) It's a little obvious, don't you think?
(sees book) Orchids! I absolutely love orchids.
Collect one of every turtle in the world. (beat) It's a long list, ma. Cuora galbinifrons, Graptemys versa, Callagur borneoensis, all the Galapagos species, people think there's only one, but that's hardly the case. Cycloderma frenatum, Cuora pani... (sighs) I don't think my life is worth living if I can't do this.
(matter-of-fact) Oh, I lost interest right after that.
(beat) But why?
(shrugs) Done with fish.
I'll pick you out an extra large piece. Preferred customer.
(pointing at him excitedly) Right! Boy, you know your stuff, huh?
(nodding) So I'll be right back with your pie then.
(beat) So... after this one how many, honey?
Once you get the sickness, it takes over your life. I started out just photographing 'em. Now look at me. (dramatic pause) It'll happen to you. You'll see.
(annoyed) I know who Darwin is.
(sadly, quietly) You and I share the same DNA. Is there anything more lonely than that?
(pleased with himself) Asclepiadaceae. From thirty yards.   Yes.
I consider the broken back -- in three places, by the way. I have x-rays -- (fishes through bag) -- a stroke of goddamn luck. I got disability, married the sweetest woman in the world. And me and my lovely new wife -- my now ex-wife, the bitch -- got to open our nursery.
Movie opens with Susan Orlean typing. (refers to Orchid Thief) "John Laroche is a tall guy, skinny as a stick... (stops, flips through book) Movie opens with a young boy picking out his first pet... (stops, flips through book) Movie opens with...
There is not nearly enough of him to fill a book, blah blah blah, so Orlean "digresses in long passes" blah blah blah "no narrative really unites these passages." Blah blah blah blah blah. (looking up defiantly)
(glancing distractedly around) Absolutely. I absolutely do.
(calling off-screen) Travelling into the Fakahatchee, Donald, is a perfect metaphor for writing. I'm stepping into the confusion of the unknown. I'm taking the big risk here.
(tremulous) Yes. Hi.
The alligators are over by the lakes. The temperature's a blessing for us. This time of year can get uncomfortably hot. (pointing excitedly) Green anole. Florida's most common.
(pissy) Tourist garbage! I don't know why people need to invent silly creatures to make nature fascinating. Isn't nature amazing enough?
(shamed) I just asked because she mentioned it.
(beat,clears throat) Jesus Christ, of course there are ghost orchids out there! I've stolen them!
Beautifully written. A really unique piece.
(laughing) You want to make this into a movie?
No shit I'm a fun character. (beat) Who's gonna play me?
John, it's Susan. (waits for response) Orlean. (waits) So, I was just wondering if you might be willing to talk some more.
(excitedly) Yeah? I'm moving to L.A. I just wrote a screenplay. I sent it to a lot of agents. But if they turn me down, I'll go there and market it myself. I used to be in marketing in New York, so I know exactly how to sell this thing. (beat) Where's a nice place to live if you don't have a car?
No.     Not really.
(annoyed) No. You can't smell vodka.    You'd have to taste it, right?
(angry) Look, let's go with the analogy I'm drawing here. It's not poison. Okay? (resuming control)
That's all I'm saying. (beat) So West Hollywood, huh? I think I'll make it out this year. Because how long can you look at an ocean, y'know?
(impressed) A song writer?
(climbing the stairs) Okay.
No, it's just good writing technique. (types, then:)
We see Susan Orlean, delicate, fragile, beautiful, haunted by loneliness, typing at her desk. She looks at the camera and talks to us: "John Laroche is a tall guy, skinny as a stick, pale-eyed, slouch- shouldered..."
(nice) Well, it sounds exciting.
(groggy) Yeah what?
Susan Orlean drives. The golden light of the afternoon sun caresses her sweet face. She talks to us. (copying from book) "Florida is a landscape of transition and mutation, a hybrid of ..."
(beat) Oh. Uh-huh, uh-huh.
See, I found you two already. I'll show you every orchid you want today. I'll find you a fucking ghost if it kills me. (pointing to another orchid) Rigid Epidendrum. That's an ugly-ass orchid. But I'm no snob. I'm interested in all orchids. Not just pretty ones.
Reads Vanity Fair. Funny detail: New Yorker writer reads Vanity Fair. Use!
(non-responsive) Not really.
... and God help you if you use voice- over in your work, my friends.
I was the one who thought things didn't happen in life.
(pause) I've got pages of false starts and wrong approaches. I'm way past my deadline. I can't go back.
(giggling) The great Donald. (serious) Well, I mean... do you need the whole court case?
(enjoying this) Shut up! (thinks) I love the Laroche porno web-site stuff. Is that real? Maybe make a bigger deal of that. I don't know.
(momentously) No, I want to go. I should go. I mean, it should be me, right? I mean...
Jesus Fucking Christ. (then, trying to make sense) Why the fuck were you in my backyard?
(excited) Really? I wanted to meet -- (realizing) Oh. What does he know?
It won't.    I don't even under --
(concentrates) Um, oh... this screenwriter was killed doing research in Jamaica a few years ago. (to Kaufman) Screenwriter, you have a car?
(to Kaufman) Sorry.
Hey, here's one of my lines. (mockingly reading from screen) "Isn't it ironic? You adapting my book? My three years in Florida meditating on my inability to experience passion resulted in my finding it with you."
So now you learned about passion. (jealous) From Weirdo Laroche. Bully for you.
This spot looks good. (thinking aloud) Now how do we do this? Hit him in the head with a rock first? Keeping in mind we can only hit him once and only with as much force as would be created by him slipping and falling onto the rock.
I don't write this kind of bullshit.
(receptively) Yeah, let's, baby.
(disappointed) Ohhh.
(hysterical) It's a rental! It's a rental!
Identical twigs? (laughs crazily) Did I say twigs? I meant twins.
No.  But don't let them get you, too. (weak smile) You got a fucking awesome third act.
(crying) Donald, this is an awful, bizarre thing to say and an awful time to say it, but I'm sorry I didn't get to know you better. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
I'd just stare at your picture, and you looked so sweet. I read your words and I thought you were smart and maybe lost and lonely like me. And the way you wrote about Laroche. You said he was handsome even though he had no front teeth --
I figured you could look at me and see something, even with all my flaws you could look at me and find something, you could maybe someday write a description of me that would be nicer than the one I write day in and day out in my head. (hopefully) Would it be?
(proudly) Yeah. Yes, we do.
Oh, I love McKee! (recognizes Kaufman, gets reserved) Oh, hi. Haven't seen you in a while.
Really? Wow. Really?   That's so cool. (beat)
(shrugs) It's a stupid job, y'know.    I'm Alice.
(simultaneously) Still diving, depth nine hundred feet.  Port clearance to cliff wall, one hundred fifty feet.
(low, to Captain) It's getting tight in here.
(really freaked now) Nothing goes one thirty!
They can do it. (to McBride) Get Brigman on the line.
(Kentucky drawl) That's cause we love freezin' our butts off out here sooo much, boss.
(yelling) Bud!  Hippy's on the bitch-box.  It's a call from topside.  That new company man.
(cool) Just hold it over the deck.
Fred, huh?  I don't know.  Hurricanes should be named after women.
(unpreturbed, almost cheerful) Hi, Lins.  I thought you were in Houston.
What the hell is she doing out there?  Son of a bitch... (into microphone) Lindsey... get out of Cab Three.  Bates is taking her down.
Bates is sick.  Besides I've got more hours in this thing than he does. (to Coffey) A little change of plan.
Just hold your water, okay? (to Kirkhill) So Kirkhill, we gonna do this or we gonna talk about it?
Roger. (to Coffey) There's only one way it's going to happen...
(as if by rote) High-Pressure Nervous Syndrome.  Muscle tremors, usually in the hands first.  Nausea, increased excitability, disorientation.
Oh... chamber runs.  Uh huh, that's good. (Coffey turn away) Well, hey... you guys know any songs?
(to Jammer) Show us the dive prep area.  We need to check out your gear.
Not even when it meant something. (looking through the front port) Is that One Night up in Flatbed?
(to all) On the dive, you will do absolutely nothing without direct orders from me, and you will follow my instructions without discussion.  Is this clear?  Alright, I want everyone finished prep and ready to get wet in fifteen minutes.
Deep. (shrugs) It's classified... you know.  Anyway, you breathe liquid, so you can't be compressed. Pressure doesn't get to you.
Perry, stand by on the ROV. (to Little Geek) Sorry about this, little buddy.  Better you than me, know what I mean?
Negative.  But there was definitely a Russian bogey.  The Brigman woman saw it.
... just learned that Soviet negotiators have walked out of the strategic arms limitation summit in protest over the incident this morning.
Hey, Lins... (she looks up) I'm glad your here.
(lets his breath out slowly) That's it then.  Finler, McWhirter, Dietz, and Perry.  Jesus.
(gestured at the screen) Do we just leave him there?
There we were, side by side, on the same ship, for two months.  I'm tool-pusher and we're testing this automated derrick of hers.  So, we get back on the beach and... we're living together.
(rolling her eyes) Gimme a break!  Coffey, these things live three and a half miles down on the bottom of an abyssal trench!  Trust me... they're not speaking Russian.
(to One Night) Why haven't you finished repairs on the hydrophone transmitter yet?
Mrs. Brigman, you're becoming a serious impediment to this mission.  I believe the stress is affecting you. (to Schoenick) Escort her to quarters and have Monk prepare a tranquilizer.
Nothing.  We were just leaving. (to her) Weren't we?
(whispering) I think it likes you.
Oh my God...  Oh no... (steps toward Coffey) Please, you can't.  Coffey, think about what you're doing... for God's sake--
... he's about to declare war on an alien species, Schoenick, just when they're trying to make contact with us. (to Bud) I think I'm reaching him.
Wish us luck. (hands his wallet to Hippy) 'Case I don't die.  Okay, Bud... let's go, podner, I ain't got all day.
(to Catfish) Get the door!
Get in!
Wonderful. (looking around) There's some light from somewhere...
Seven, eight minute swim each way... not enough time.  Look at this... (the rate of flooding) Time I get back you'll be--
(gently) Bud, it's over, man.  It's over.
Who then? BUD (muffled) So I'll hear you, but I can't talk?
The fluid prevents your larynx from making sound.  It'll feel a little strange. BUD (muffled) Warning you now, folks, I'm a lousy typist. (a beat) The moment of truth, huh?
Can you hear me okay? (another thumbs up) Try your keypad.
Where?  EVERYWHERE!! (looks out the window) Over there!  Port bow.
(to Deacon) Will that work?
(to Fred) You are a complete moron.
(in the background) ... the increase in the hormone testosterone causes certain physiological changes in the adolescent male...
(crushed) You're kidding.
(sarcastically) Yeah. I took my camera to gym class with me.
It doesn't get any better than that. You and Rachael were perfect for each other. And naked girls don't just appear out of thin air. (scoffs) "I have a math test tomorrow."
Will you shut up already? (beat) Look, I've been thinking about this all day. We're juniors now. Upperclassmen.
So we have a responsibility to ourselves to start having fun and getting girls. This year is our year. (takes the chain off his bike) There's nothing holding us back any more.
(with Cuban accents) "First you get the money, then you get the power, then you get the women."
(laying it on thick) You mean there's more?
(ad lib) Grommets!
(ad lib) Well, pickle my turnips, why didn't you say so? Happy birthday, friend. The guys look at each other, excited. They look back at Roger, five feet behind them at the bottom of the steps.
(in a trance) Oh, my God. There's Naomi.
(pleasantly surprised) You remembered.
(hopeful) So you two aren't going out any more?
(come hither) Come on, Deacon.
Hey, give me back my clothes!
She went to Paris with the French Club. (then, taking a chance) We're seeing other people.
(emphatic) Look, mom. I need a car.
(excited) Shut up. I figured out how to get back on the Tony Montana track.... So, I'm at the zoo today...
(getting hot and bothered) With one final thrust of his engorged penis, the male deposits his seed and moves on. (suddenly bitter) Probably to a younger, more desirable female. One who doesn't have any "issues." Whatever that means.
(sincerely) That was a really good speech, Deacon.
(to Mike) Is he in there?
Okay, Mr. Greitzer. I'll let the doctor know you're here for your... (checks the book) rectal exam. Have a seat.
Okay, fine. Then I'm Sam ... (searching) Slam. Sam Slam. The Back Door Man. Matt and Fred look at each other, then Deacon.
Hello? (covers phone) Deacon, it's for you. It's a young lady named Palomina.
(over a walkie talkie) We're ready. Over.
Max! Inside the car (still in the garage), the three guys apply their fake facial hair to match their three new fake i.d.'s.
(to the waitress) Seven and seven.
- Boot and rally. The guys wipe their faces and join a gaggle of Strippers heading into an Amusement Park. - Carney games. Matt wins a stuffed animal for Plantain. - Cotton candy, Roller Coaster rides, etc. - The group is crammed into a booth at the Fudge Factory, eating ice cream sundaes. Matt shoots the straw wrapper at one stripper. She whips some ice cream at him. Food fight! - Ashley is dropping the guys off back at Deacon's house in the Aerostar. She writes down her information on a picture of herself. There's a car full of Strippers waiting for her. - Just then, Jake pulls into the driveway next door. He sees the Strippers and the guys.
Uh huh. (beat) Hey, did you guys shave or something?
(wooden) These yearbook photos of the Debate Club are making me so hot. I can't help myself. THROUGH MATT'S VIDEO DISPLAY, Ashley slowly strips off her clothes. But before we get too good a look, we
(wooden) Oh, my God. What are you doing?
(copping an attitude) What do you want to hear? I've got a tiny pee-pee? I'm a premature e-jac-u-la-tor? Sometimes before I get a boner? Okay?
(false bravado) Fine. I'll do it. I'll do it for the sake of the film. Hold this.
(grabs him) Matt!
Oh, I've got it. What if the Math Team Captain is in detention for something...
(genuine) Really? I didn't think you got embarrassed about anything. She smiles at Deacon, cheered up by the inadvertent compliment. The Bus HONKS for Deacon.
(still doesn't get it) We can just meet you there.
(snide; whispers) How's Naomi?
(whispers) Hey. Can I ask you a question?
I need to give him a goddamn medal. (she storms off) What?
(sheepishly) Sort of.
(swings his arms out) And my nuts aren't?
(in Deacon's head) Every two minutes, they change positions.
Shit, man. You must be crazy. (calling after them) Better watch your back, homie! You might get smoked!
What's going on? Are we going to find another girl? (off their look) What?
(whispers) I know who you are. Don't worry. Your secret's safe. Come on. I just want to make one film to see what it's like.
Well, no. Popular, good looking guys always get the girls. (off their look) Hey, what was I supposed to say?
I think so. (off Ashley's look) No.
Yeah, I guess I did. (beat) So I have to do this, don't I?
(joking this time) I guess. Or not. Whatever. Deacon smiles. He finally understands that Ashley really does care about him. Ashley kisses him on the cheek and exits off into the horizon. Deacon holds Naomi's hand and they walk and talk.
You're breaking up with me? (beat) Can we still have sex?
(matter of fact) We're going to cut your balls off.
(re: Fred) Start with him.
(condescending) How many? Fifty? A hundred?
Except you promise to supply us with quality porn free of charge. (off Deacon's look)
(emboldened) And you have to maintain the artistic vision of After School Special.
Okay. We've got a deal, but you gotta give me all your master tapes. (to Matt) And kid. If you ever need a job, give me a call. He hands Matt a card. Deacon turns to Vic and shakes his hand.
Done. (beat) Did you know all along?
(beaming at her own little joke) Doctor Livingston I presume? I'm Mother Miriam Ruth. You needn't call Mother if you don't wish. (shaking hands) Most people find it uncomfortable.
(carrying right on) I'm afraid the word brings up the most unpleasant connatations in this day and age...
(indicating her habit) She could have hidden a machine gun in here if she had wanted to.
(a pause) Obviously there was.
(standing) Believe me, I've done everything possible short of asking Agnes.
(sitting again) She can't even remember the birth. Do you think she'd admit to the conception?
(standing) Exactly. I want you do deal with Agnes as speedily and as easily as possible. She won't hold up under any sort of cross examination.
(also standing) I am not with the Inquisition.
(a pause) Agnes, have you ever loved another man... other than, Jesus Christ?
(chuckles) Oh, there are so many.
(obviously) In the confessional.
(very agitated) to talk about    the baby but... I never saw the    baby so I can't talk about the baby    because... I don't believe in the    baby.
(standing) No... no, I'm tired of talking, I've been talking for weeks, nobody believes me when I tell them anything... nobody listens to me.
(also standing) Agnes...
(opens the door) No... no, I don't want to answer any more questions.
(pausing in the doorway) What do you mean?
(smiles) Anything.
(a pause) I've stopped menstruating
From other nuns... (laughs) Yes I... I've noticed.
From other people! (moving across the room) I believe she is not crazy, nor is she lying.
(lights a cigarette) That's ridiculous...
(moves to her desk, starts writing) In her case it isn't. She's had very little schooling. Her mother kept her home almost all the time and when her mother died Agnes came here, to us. She's never been out there Doctor. She's never seen a movie or a television show. She's never even read a book.
You have been listening to Mostly Music from Montreal. This is CBC Radio. (and again in French)
(in French)
(French accent) They arise at five in the morning... and they're in bed by nine at night. Even if a man could get to them, he would probably find them praying. That's why I see that the real question is not only how he got in, but when.
I promise you Doctor, even if I had the inclination, how could I possibly catch her? She would have to be a very slow and patient nun. (they both laugh) Ah no... they're a very special and rare people those Sisters. Only a few of them left in this modern world, consecrated to the praise of God.
Hello, Mama (pulls up a chair) ... brought you something.
It's Martha, Mama. (hands over a tub of icecream) There you go.
(stroking her hair) Did you have a good week Mama. Are they treating you all right?
(lighting up) Marie's dead Mama.
I remember when you    was a little girl Marie. You come back    from the movies and you'd say - Mama    that ending was so sad... and I'd tell    you they had all the happy endings locked    away in a vault in Hollywood. (chuckles) And you believed me.
(a long pause) Who are you?
Oh, we own the land around here. But we rent it out. We keep a few acres for ourselves, (indicating) some wheat, corn, some vegetables.
(not looking up) I've been commanded by God.
(sighs) He talked to you Himself?
(looking up)
(genuinely distressed) That's not what he meant.
(standing) God blew up the Hindenburg. He'll blow me up, that's what she said...
(smiles) Yes, of God.
(kissing him) Thanks...
(very quietly) I thought... thoughts... about...
(very loudly) I thought ugly thoughts about Sister Marguerite. (The singing finishes at this point).
(in French)
(crouching down) What else did she tell you?
(halting, out of breath) No wonder... wait... Agnes... Agnes how do you feel about babies?
(climbing again) Numbers... you can spend your whole life counting and never reach the end.
(following her) I don't understand them either. Do you suppose I was dropped on my head?
(sitting up) No, but I can never tell her that.
Why not? (no answer) Mmm?
(suddenly frustrated)
(jumping to her feet)
(very upset) If you're trying to get me to say that she was a bad woman and hated me and didn't want me but that's not true, she was a good woman, a saint... (distorted)
And she has a right to know that there's a world out there filled with people who don't believe in God... (Mother Miriams walks on) ... and aren't any worse off than you Mother. People who've gone through their entire lives without bending their knees once, to anybody. And people who fall in love and have babies and occas- sionally are very happy. She has a right to know that. But you and your... your order and your Church have kept her ignorant...
???     (distorted)
??? (distorted) ... virginity, right Mother? Poverty, chastity and ignorance is what you live by.
I am not a virgin, Doctor. I was married for twenty three years, two daughters. I even have grandchildren... surprised? It might please you to know that I was a failure as a wife and mother. My children won't even see me any more, that's their revenge. I think they tell their friends that I've passed on. And don't tell me I'm making up for past mistakes Doctor Freud. (she sits)
(reads through the book) Oh, Dear God...
It made them uncomfortable. And if they didn't sleep well I'm certain the next day they were cranky as mules. Sister where are your sheets? (no answer) Do you really believe that sleeping on a bare mattress is the equivalent of sleeping in a coffin?
(a long pause) They were stained.
I don't know. I don't know what happened Mother, I woke up... there was blood on the sheets, but I don't know what happened. (starts to weep) I don't know what I did wrong, I don't know and I should be punished.
Yes. I don't remember where Agnes was. I was needed in the sick room. (beginning missed)
(halting) But what you believe makes no difference to us whatsoever Doctor. But it does make all the difference to Agnes.
Agnes. What did your mother do to you? (no answer) If you can't answer me, just shake your head yes or no. Did... did she hit you? (Anges shakes her head: no) Did she make you do something you didn't want to? (yes) Did it make you feel uncomfortable to do it? (yes) Did it embarrass you? (yes) Did it... did it hurt you? (yes) What did she make you you do?
She touches me down there with a cigarette. (Martha gasps)
(more forcefully) Yes I am.
(shouting) I'm not mistake, I'm here aren't I. How can I be a mistake if I'm really here. God doesn't make mistakes, you're a mistake...
I've been watching. We were fine 'till she came. She brought the devil here. (makes the sign of the cross) There was blood on her hand that night.
Agnes? (the nun shakes her head) Who?     Mother Superior?
(in French)
(brandishing the files) Your niece!
(crying) Oh God, if only I'd known.
Because I didn't know... (she leaves)
You're too involved Marty. (lights her cigarette) Jesus look at you. Why don't you turn this case over to someone else?
Thanks. (she leaves)
(calling after her) If I find anything I'll call you.
(French accent) Hallo, Doctor Livingston. My name is (?). I'm doing a Sunday article on Sister Agnes for the Gazette. I would appreciate it if you would give me a phone call on 942-2424. More beeps and whirs. Martha starts to undress.
Hi Marty, it's me. Listen I just talked with Detective Crawley who was at the convent. She said that there was one thing that bothered her that didn't make it into the report. The waste paper basket. The one in Agnes' room. (Martha freezes in the middle of lighting up) None of the other nuns had one. Bye.
I am saying (distorted) a beautifully simple woman...
Then why did you call the police in the first place Mother, huh? MARTHA (cont.) Why didn't you just throw the baby into the incinerator and be done with it.
(halting) It wasn't sex. It was a lot of things, but it wasn't sex. You know when I was in the first grade my best friend was run over on the way to school, you know what the nun said? She died because she hadn't said her morning prayers.
My sister died in a convent. And it's her voice I hear. (a long pause) Does my smoking bother you?
(chuckles) Long, thin and filtered.
Saint Ignatius would smoke cigars and stub them out on the soles of his bare feet. (they roar with laughter) And of course (distorted)
(imitating) Oh, you've come a long way baby.
Right. (a pause) What do you suppose today's saints are smoking?
Yes, but goodness has very little to do with it. Not all the saints were good, in fact some of them were a little crazy. But... they were still attached to God. Agnes has that birth. (she stands) No more... we're born, we live, we die. No room for miracles. (Martha gets up too) Oh my dear, how I miss the miracles.
(a pause) I'd like to begin.
What kind of trouble? (no answer) What kind of trouble Agnes?
(a pause) I had a baby.
Who?     Who made you promise? (no answer) It's    alright Agnes. It's alright. (a pause) Let's    go to your room. It's the night about    six weeks ago when you were very    sick.
Fish... (distastefully) ... brussel sprouts.
Was it Sister Marguerite who knew about the baby? (no answer) Alright Agnes, I want you to see your room as you saw it on that night.
(puzzled) A wastepaper basket.
I don't know which one (distorted)
Of me. Oh... God! My God... (assumes the birth position and looks between her legs) Water... it's all water...
(trying to wipe up the water) They can't hear me that's why. (in terrible pain) Oh God... I don't wanna...
(to Martha) Stop her!
Stop this, she'll hurt herself (stepping forward)
(hauling her away)
(still screaming) (then quietly)
Alright Agnes... it's alright. One, two three... (claps her hands; Agnes comes to)
(a long pause)
There you go. It's alright, it's alright, it's all over. It's alright Agnes, that's right, that's right. MARTHA (off) Ah excuse me. Hallo. I'm looking for some ah... ground plans for the ah... Saint Marie Madeleine Convent in (distorted). MAN (off) (answers in French) Martha and a middle aged official come into view. He
(in French)
(replies in French)
Oh... very interesting I guess... (he pulls out a folder of plans) Excuse me...
(murmurs) That's how he got in... or she got out.
Oh yes, (distorted)
(grimly) General MacArthur.
(standing) It's... it's alright Helen, just close the door.
(picking up the papers) You're what?
If we want to hire a psychiatrist for Agnes. we'll find our own, thank you. (starts to leave)
(halting)
(laughs and sits down)
How (distorted) ?
Then why are you so obsessed with her? You're losing sleep over her? (Martha gets up disturbed)
Why? (continues in French, then...) You've done nothing to show any progress.
(halting) You have proof?
(walking on) No, no, no...
Yes, demain (?) NUN (off) Excuse me Mother, Doctor Livingston is here.
It's bleeding... I'm bleeding... my God it won't stop, I can't get it to stop. (to Mother Miriam) Let go of me, I wish you were dead.
(trying to hold her) Agnes... Agnes...
God!  It was God. (sinks to her knees) And now I'll burn in hell because I hate him.
(shouting) She can't remember.
(screaming) Oh, don't do this!
And then... what did she do? (no answer) Agnes what did she do?
She... left me alone with that little thing, and I looked at it, and I thought this is a mistake. But it's my mistake, not Mommy's. God's mistake. AGNES (cont.) I thought I... I can save her. (she raises her hands) I can give her back to God.
(a long pause) I stood in the window of my room every night for a week. And one night I heard the most beautiful voice imaginable. And when I looked I saw the moon shining down on him. For six nights he sang to me, songs I'd never heard. And on the seventh night he opened his wings and lay on top of me. All the while he sang - (sings) Charlie Sweet... Charlie Sweet... Charlie's a...
We're ready for you now. (a plastic Kroger shopping Mary jumps up, grabs her purse bag).
You didn't? (into phone) This is Steve... What? Really? Now? If I don't have a choice...
(on TV) Perhaps the greatest obstacle the hostage negotiators face is the suspect's refusal to communicate using modern day technology. In keeping with his role as a medieval knight, he's insisting on an eleventh century messenger to deliver all communication. The screen splits with a female news ANCHOR.
(imitating Steve) Wherever news goes...
You know how sometimes you see a pinguid (that means fat and greasy) guy with an attractive girl and you think how the heck did he pull that off? People won't think that when they look at us. We're perfectly matched. She can hardly contain her excitement.
(yelling his head off) And this time, the warnings were hard to ignore. One Galvestonian told us "tornados, we can handle. Hurricanes we can handle. Bugs we can handle. Put 'em all together and that's a storm I don't need to see". A wise man indeed. Something off to the side catches Hartman's eye -- it's a picnic table blowing down the street.
(speaking while signing to the kids) Who's ready for some fun? The deaf kids start running down the hill, straight for the petting zoo.
What a loss. (Frank nods) How are you otherwise?   Things okay financially?
Guess you're going to miss it. (Rivera sips at his coffee; then:) You know, what you were saying before - about throwing up in front of people - money will take that feeling away.
(more to himself) Yes, we are.
Twenty percent's my profit. If I'm giving it to you then what am I doing? Twenty percent puts me, and everyone you know, out of business, which puts you out of business. (reaches for his breakfast check) There are ways to make money legitimately, and then there's this way. Not even Bumpy took twenty percent.
To the St. Regis, what do you care. (pause) My sister's.
I've lived in jungles all my (life) -
A hundred kilos. (Nate nods) I never seen that much dope in one place.
A hundred. And it's all I got left. So if that dope doesn't arrive, for whatever reason - (embraces Nate and whispers) Cousin or no cousin - don't let me down.
Don't look down there. Look here. (at Richie's eyes) You ever fuckin threaten me again, I'll kill you.
Yeah, all right. Give me a twenty. (Richie doesn't reach for his wallet) Well, I'm not going to sit here all day.
(smiling; happy) Is that right.
It's perfect. (looks at the room) It's all perfect. (she looks at him) I'm so proud of you.
(to the examiner) Chose a good night, huh?   Grand Central Station in here.
What. These are clothes.     This is a very nice (suit) -
You're Frank and this is your place. (he doesn't say whether it is or not) Why's it called Small's? Why don't you call it Frank's?
You really don't know who that is? (she doesn't) It's Martin Luther King.
What's this? (taking a .45 from Jimmy's pocket) Oh, that's it, I'm taking you in.
(joking) You can't take me in for that, I got       a license for that, motherfucker.
(gives the gun back) This then - (the pile of coke on the coffee table) But first -
Oh, he's all right. I just shot him in the leg. You got a health plan, what are you complaining about. He's fine. Here - (peels off some money) Five hundred all right? Six? Look, he's feeling better all the time.
(Trupo smiles; Richie smiles) You got your money. Now, never, ever, come into the city again unannounced. You come in to see a fuckin Broadway show you call ahead first to see if it's okay with me.
You're not listening to me. I said: I don't want to hear about it ... You do whatever you have to do, go wherever you have to go to find out who's bringing this shit into the country ... Just don't tell me. (turns to leave) Get some sleep.
Which is your right. Because this is America. But not at the unreasonable expense of others. That's un-American. (he studies Frank) You know the price you pay for a gallon of milk doesn't represent its true cost of production. It's controlled. Set.
(very calmly) I'm thinking of them as much as they ever thought of me.
(kisses her cheek) No.   They're working for me now.
Come on. You look great. (no one else emerges) You want to miss the fight? Come on.
(to Ana) Stay in the car
You sure you done the right thing? She's a beautiful girl - there's no question - but she's got an attitude on (her) -
(shows his shield) What does that say? (Frank ignores him) Special - Investigations - Unit. See that word there? "Special." (he takes out a restaurant business card) Ten grand, first of each month, delivered here.
Richie, yes, fuck me like a cop, not a lawyer - (the phone rings) Oh, God, Richie, no - don't answer it - (he reaches to pick it up) No, no, no -
Stevie. Come over here. (the nephew comes over) I heard you didn't show up.
What're you   talking about? This is your dream since   you were their age - (the   younger kids) Maybe I can   set it up again.
That's not why I'm here. (Jackie glances up from the powder. No?) Everybody's happy, Jackie. Charlie, Baz, the cops, the Italians, everybody. Everybody except you.
Not a fuckin Datsun. (his look says, right?) Blue Magic is a brand name; as much a brand name as Pepsi. I own it. I stand behind it. I guarantee it and people know that even if they don't know me any more than they know the chairman of General Foods.
Are you kidding? You know what it's worth? Ski-in-ski-out, five bedrooms, sauna, everything. We were guests. (pause) No ... No, that's your place.
From who, your uncle? (Tony doesn't say) Why would you do this? Why would you risk our friendship?
Who took it out? (nothing from the agents) If there's a contract on me, it would be nice to know who took it out.
Was it Jackie? (Frank doesn't say) I'll fuckin kill him whether it was or not, you tell me to. (nothing from Frank) What do you want us to do, Frank? We can't just sit here and -
Who shot at us? (Frank can't tell her) It doesn't matter. We're leaving.
You want to know who it was? I can tell you. It was a junkie. Or a rival. Or some dumb ass kid trying to make a name for himself. Or someone you forgot to pay off. Or slighted without realizing it. Or someone you put out of business by being too successful. (pause) Success has a lot of enemies. Your success is who took a shot at you. How you gonna kill it? By being unsuccessful? You can be successful and have enemies, or unsuccessful and have friends. It's the choice we make.
Short Term Lot 3. This the Mustang were talking about ... Camero? ... What's the plate number? (writes on a napkin) Yeah, I got it ... I got it, Frank ... (sighs; reads from the napkin:) KA 760.
There was some on that dresser, but it's gone now so I guess you (took it) -
Who?  Who's Frank Lucas? (no one seems to know) Who's he work for? Which family?
Yeah, you'd know, sitting here, having never been on the (street) -
I don't have the time or interest to listen to (this) -
I have been proud and privileged to have spent my life in the Theater - "a poor player ... that struts and frets his hour upon the stage" - and I have been honored to be, for forty years, Chief Promoter of the Sarah Siddons Society... (he lifts the Sarah Siddons Award from its altar) Thirty-nine times have I placed in deserving hands this highest honor the Theater knows... (he grows a bit arch, he uses his eyebrows) Surely no actor is older than I - I have earned my place out of the sun... (indulgent laughter) ... and never before has this Award gone to anyone younger than its recipient tonight. How fitting that it should pass from my hands to hers...
So there you are. It seemed odd, suddenly, your not being there...
(smiles) To speak to just a playwright's wife? I'm the lowest form of celebrity...
(grins) Bill Sampson? He's - he's a director.
(incredulous) You see the play? You've seen the play every performance? (Eve nods) But, don't you find it - I mean apart from everything else - don't you find it expensive?
(hanging back) Oh, no...
(insisting) There isn't another like you, there couldn't be-
You look just fine... (they're at the stage door) ... by the way. What's your name?
(loudly; through the door) "Honey chile," I said, "if the South had won the war, you could write the same plays about the North!"
Hi. (she goes right on - in a think "Suth'n" accent) "Well, now Mis' Channin', ah don't think you can rightly say we lost the wah, we was mo' stahved out, you might say - an' that's what ah don' unnerstand about all these plays about love-stahved Suth'n women - love is one thing we was nevah stahved for the South!"
(firmly) Margo does not play a lunatic, Birdie.
(grins) Relax, kid. It's only me and my big mouth...
(mollified) It's just that you get me so mad sometimes... of all the women in the world with nothing to complain about-
(dryly) Ain't it the truth?
(in a whisper) She's just outside the door.
(to Birdie; also a whisper) The heave-ho.
Kind of mousy trench coat and funny hat? (Karen nods) How could I miss her? Every night and matinee - well...
(simply) I thought you'd forgotten about me.
Not at all. (her arm through Eve's) Margo, this is Eve Harrington.
(musically) How do you do, my dear.
(mutters) Oh, brother.
(nicely) Hello, Miss Harrington.
(graciously) And this is my good friend and companion, Miss Birdie Coonan.
(to Birdie) Oh brother what?
(quiet menace) I'm sure you must have things to do in the bathroom, Birdie dear.
(to Margo) No, thank you. (to Lloyd) Yes. I've seen every performance.
(delighted) Every performance? Then - am I safe in assuming you like it?
(beams) Would you, really? How sweet-
(flatly) I doubt very much that you'd like her in 'The Hairy Ape'.
Let's get back to this one. Have you really seen every performance? (Eve nods) Why? I'm curious...
Farmers were poor in those days, that's what dad was - a farmer. I had to help out. So I quit school and I went to Milwaukee. I became a secretary. In a brewery. (she smiles) When you're a secretary in a brewery - it's pretty hard to make believe you're anything else. Everything is beer. It wasn't much fun, but it helped at home -  and there was a Little Theater Group... like a drop of rain in the desert. That's where I met Eddie. He was a radio technician. We played 'Liliom' for three performances, I was awful - then the war came, and we got married. Eddie was in the air force - and they sent him to the South Pacific. You were with the O.W.I., weren't you Mr. Richards? (Lloyd nods) That's what 'Who's Who' says... well, with Eddie gone, my life went back to beer. Except for a letter a week. One week Eddie wrote he had a leave coming up. I'd saved my money and vacation time. I went to San Francisco to meet him. (a slight pause) Eddie wasn't there. They forwarded the telegram from Milwaukee - the one that came from Washington to say that Eddie wasn't coming at all. That Eddie was dead... (Karen puts her hand on Lloyd's) ... so I figured I'd stay in San Francisco. i was alone, but couldn't go back without Eddie. I found a job. And his insurance helped... and there were theaters in San Francisco. And one night Margo Channing came to play in 'Remembrance'... and I went to see it. And - well - here I am...
(finally) What a story. Everything but the bloodhounds snappin' at her rear end...
There are some human experiences, Birdie, that do not take place in a vaudeville house - and that even a fifth-rate vaudevillian should understand and respect! (to Eve) I want to apologize for Birdie's-
(snaps in) You don't have to apologize for me! (to Eve) I'm sorry if I hurt your feelings. It's just my way of talkin'...
(nicely) You didn't hurt my feelings, Miss Coonan...
Call me Birdie. (to Margo) As for bein' fifth-rate - i closed the first half for eleven years an' you know it!
(conscious of Eve) Bill...
(louder) Bill-
(smiling) Only in some ways. You're prettier...
(yells) Bill!
(vaguely; to Karen) Huh?
Hi. (to Margo) My wonderful junk yard. The mystery and dreams you find in a junk yard-
(kisses him) Heaven help me, I love a psychotic.
Take your mistress into the bathroom and dress her. (Birdie opens her mouth) Without comment.
(rises) No, don't go...
Geniuses don't need good luck. (he grins) I do.
(grins) I told you a lie. We'll make it easily. Margo's got no more conception of time than a halibut.
(finally) So you're going to Hollywood.
The Theatuh, the Theatuh- (he sits up) - what book of rules says the Theater exists only within some ugly buildings crowded into one square mile of New York City? Or London, Paris or Vienna? (he gets up) Listen, junior. And learn. Want to know what the Theater is? A flea circus. Also opera. Also rodeos, carnivals, ballets, Indian tribal dances, Punch and Judy, a one-man band - all Theater. Wherever there's magic and make-believe and an audience - there's Theater. Donald Duck, Ibsen, and The Lone Ranger, Sarah Bernhardt, Poodles Hanneford, Lunt and Fontanne, Betty Grable, Rex and Wild, and Eleanora Duse. You don't understand them all, you don't like them all, why should you? The Theater's for everybody - you included, but not exclusively - so don't approve or disapprove. It may not be your Theater, but it's Theater of somebody, somewhere.
(grins) And I shot my mouth off. Nothing personal, junior, no offense... (he sits back down) ... it's just that there's so much bushwah in this Ivory Green Room they call the Theatuh - sometimes it gets up around my chin...
(he closes his eyes) It's only one picture deal.
(en route) I understand it's the latest thing - just one earring. If it isn't, it's going to be - I can't find the other...
(concerned) Where do you suppose it could be?
(gives up) Oh well... (to Birdie) ... look through the wigs, maybe it got caught-
(she's been looking) Where's my coat?
(to Margo) The seams.
(to Eve) Can't keep his eyes off my legs.
(straightens up) Byron couldn't have said it more graciously... here we go-
(nods) See you home...
I have a suggestion. (they look at her) There's really not much time left - I mean, you haven't had a minute alone yet, and - well, I could take care of everything here and meet you at the gate with the ticket... if you'd like.
(grins) I told her. I sounded off.
(firmly) And cut that out right now.
(shakes her head) From now on it's not applause - just something to do till the aisles get less crowded...
(grins) Performance number one thousand of this one - if I play it that long - will take place in a well-padded booby hatch...
(smiles) Well, teacher's away and actors will be actors...
Something maybe grew a size bigger.
(turns, looks) Well, you've done so much... what's new?
(catching on) Oh-oh.
(a loud, happy squawk) Margo! What a wonderful surprise!
(continuing) What a thoughtful, ever-lovin' thing to do-
(dazed) Bill? Have I gone crazy, Bill?
(nods in agreement) When - when are you coming back?
(convinced she's gone mad) Sing it?
(miserably) Happy birthday, darling...
(the same) Many happy returns of the day...
(laughs) It's no secret, I know all about the party - Eve wrote me...
(mutters) I'll check with Eve...
She thinks only for me... (no answer from Birdie) ... doesn't she?
(finally) Well... let's say she thinks only about you, anyway...
(breaks in; sharply) I'm sure that's very flattering, Birdie, and I'm sure there's nothing wrong with that!
(scoffs) I can imagine... you know, all it needed was some taking in here and letting out there - are you sure you won't want it yourself?
(laughs) Oh, come now, as though you were an old lady... I'm on my way. Is there anything more you've thought of-?
(smile) That's my job. (she turns to go) See you at tea time...
Eve... (Eve turns at the door) ... by any chance, did you place a call from me to Bill for midnight California time?
(gasps) Oh, golly. And I forgot to tell you-
Mr. Sampson's birthday. I certainly wouldn't forget that. You'd never forgive me. (she smiles shyly) As a matter of fact, I sent him a telegram myself...
Now who's show up at this hour? It's time people went home - hold that coat up... (Eve holds it up; Karen whistles) ... whose is it?
(smiles) Lloyd says Margo compensates for underplaying on the stage by overplaying reality... (she gets up, gets her coat) ... next to that sable, my new mink seems like an old bedjacket... (throws it over her shoulder) ... you've done your share, Eve. You've worked wonders with Margo...
(hesitantly) Mrs. Richards.
(pauses, smiles) Karen.
Karen... (she picks at the coverlet) ... isn't it awful, I'm about to ask you for another favor - after all you've already done.
(crosses to her) Nobody's done so much, Eve, you've got to stop thinking of yourself as one of the Hundred Neediest Cases... what is it?
I don't let myself think about it, even- (she looks up, rises as she speaks) - but I do know the part so well, and every bit of the staging, there'd be no need to break in a new girl- (suddenly afraid, she sits) - but suppose I had to go on one night? To an audience that came to see Margo Channing. No, I couldn't possibly...
(laughs) Don't worry too much about that. Margo just doesn't miss performances. If she can walk, crawl or roll - she plays.
(nods proudly) The show must go on.
No, dear. Margo must go on. (she sits beside Eve) As a matter of fact, I see no reason why you shouldn't be Margo's understudy...
(pointing) But she just got here...
She's on her way. With half the men in the joint. (she hold up the coat) It's only a fur coat...
(as Birdie and the sables pass) Now there's something a girl could make sacrifices for.
(to Miss Caswell) Did you say sable - or Gable?
(to Bill) Gable. Why a feller like that don't come East to do a play...
(nods) He must be miserable, the life he lives out there-
(laughs; to Eve) You don't have to read his column tomorrow - you just heard it. I don't agree, Addison...
(to a passing butler) Oh, waiter...
(getting up) Leave me get you one...
(pitching) Oh, thank you, Mr. Fabian.
Well done. I see your career rising in the East like the sun... (to Bill) ... you were saying?
(abruptly) Yes. Yes, it does.
(goes on) It means concentration of ambition, desire, and sacrifice such as no other profession demands... And I'll agree that the man or woman who accepts those terms can't be ordinary, can't be - just someone. To give so much for almost always so little...
(hurt) I'm sorry, I didn't mean to-
(sharply) Outside of a beehive, Margo, your behavior would hardly be considered either queenly or motherly!
You're in a beehive, pal, didn't you know? We're all busy little bees, full of stings, making honey day and night- (to Eve) - aren't we, honey?
Please don't play governess, Karen, I haven't your unyielding good taste, I wish I'd gone to Radcliffe too but father wouldn't hear of it - he needed help at the notions counter... (to Addison) I'm being rude now, aren't I? OR should I say "ain't I"?
(suddenly) All right! I'm going to bed. (to Bill) You be the host. It's your party. Happy Birthday, welcome home, and we-who-are-about-to-die-salute-you.
(pauses, smiles) To put me to bed? Take my clothes off, hold my head, tuck me in, turn off the lights, tiptoe out...? eve would. Wouldn't you, Eve?
(smiles) Well - if she's got to pick on someone, I'd just as soon it was me.
You have me confused with Dan Dailey. You go sit by the piano. (to Eve) And you come sit by me. (to the others) Good night.
Karen... (Karen pauses) ... you won't forget, will you? What we talked about before?
(smiles) No, Eve, I won't forget...
My back's open. (Birdie goes to work on it) Did the extra help get here?
The caterer had to back for hors d'oeuvres- (she zips Margo) Voila.
(laughs) That French ventriloquist taught you a lot, didn't he?
There was nothing he didn't know. (she starts tidying the room) There's a message from the bartender. Does Miss Channing know we ordered domestic gin by mistake?
The only thing I ordered by mistake is the guests. (Birdie cackles) They're domestic, too, and they don't care what they drink as long as it burns... where's Bill? He's late.
(to Eve) Remind me to tell you about when I looked into the heart of an artichoke.
(the steel begins to flash) So you've pointed out, so often. So many qualities, so often. Her loyalty, efficiency, devotion, warmth, affection - and so young. So young and so fair...
(laughs) I've always denied the legend that you were in 'Our American Cousin' the night Lincoln was shot...
(quietly) Miss Channing?
I'll get it. (he crosses to Eve) What'll you have?
(it drips ice) Thank you.
(smiles) I can always get a fresh one. Karen - you're a Gibson girl...
(to Bill) What is he talking about?
(to Margo) We know you, we've seen you before like this. Is it over - or just beginning?
(passing) Darlings...
Miss Caswell is an actress. A graduate of Copacabana School of Dramatic Arts. (his glance is attracted by Eve coming downstairs) Ah... Eve.
(deferentially) Good evening, Mr. deWitt.
(smiles) Eve, this is an old friend of Mr. deWitt's mother - Miss Caswell, Miss Harrington... (the two girls say hello) Addison, I've been wanting you to meet Eve for the longest time-
(murmurs) It could only have been your natural timidity that kept you from mentioning it...
(icily) Claudia dear, come closer. (she does, and he points) This is Max Fabian. He is a producer. Go do yourself some good.
(sighs) Why do they always look like unhappy rabbits?
I just played it.
(whispers) Many of your guests have been wondering when they may be permitted to view the body. Where has it been laid out?
(somberly) It hasn't been laid out, we haven't finished with the embalming. As a matter of fact, you're looking at it. The remains of Margo Channing. Sitting up. It is my last wish to be buried sitting up.
(trying to kid her out of it) Wouldn't you feel more natural taking a bow?
(sympathetic) Poor Max. Heartburn? (Max nods) It's that Miss Caswell. I don't know why she doesn't give Addison heartburn.
Everybody has a heart - except some people. (she finishes her drink, stands up) Of course I've got bicarb. There's a box in the pantry. We'll put your name on it. Max Fabian. It'll say there. Always. Just for you.
(touched) Let the rest of the world beat their brains out for a buck. It's friends that count. And I got friends.
Miss Caswell? (Max nods) What?
(mixing) I feel right now like there's one burning in me.
(happily) That's my Max.
If you'll excuse me- (to Margo) I'll tell Miss Caswell...
Spoken like an author. (abruptly) Lloyd, I'm not twentyish. I am not thirtyish. Three months ago, I was forty years old. Forty. Four oh. (smiles) That slipped out, I hadn't quite made up my mind to admit it. Now I feel as if I'd suddenly taken all my clothes off...
Just one person. Isn't that so? (Margo doesn't answer) You know what this is all about, don't you? It has very little to do with whether you should play "Cora" - it has everything to do with the fact that you've had another fight with Bill.
Bill's thirty-two. He looks thirty two. He looked it five years ago, he'll look it twenty years from now. I hate men. (she puts the box down) Don't worry, Lloyd. I'll play your play. I'll wear rompers and come in rolling a hoop if you like... let's go say good night.
(in the b.g.) Imagine... to know, every night, that different hundreds of people love you... They smile, their eyes shine - you've pleased them, they want you, you belong. Anything's worth that.
(stops) Over? It can't be. I've come to read with her. I promised Max.
(lightly) Is it really? I must start wearing a watch, I never do, you know... who read with Miss Caswell? Bill? (he shakes his head) Lloyd? (he shakes his head) Well, it couldn't have been Max! Who?
(keenly) Didn't you know?
(quickly) Of course I knew.
(flatly) I take it she read well.
Hello, Miss Channing.
How are you making out in Mr. Fabian's office? (over the footlights to Max) I don't want you working the child too hard, Max - just because you promised. As you see, I kept my promise, too...
(pleased astonishment) Eve? (she turns to her) How enchanting... (to Lloyd and Bill) Wherever did you get the idea of having Eve read with Miss Caswell?
It seems almost inconceivable that I haven't seen her backstage, but with so many people loitering around... well, well. So Eve is not working for Max after all- (out to Max again) - Max you sly puss.
(murmurs) What a pity, all that fire and music being turned off...
You wouldn't understand. (to Lloyd) How was Miss Caswell?
(breaking in) I was dreadful, Miss Channing, believe me - I have no right to be anyone's understudy, much less yours...
I'm sure you underestimate yourself, Eve. You always do. (to Lloyd) You were about to tell me about Eve...
(the ice begins to form) I mean, among other things, that it must have been a revelation to have your twenty-four-year-old character played by twenty-four-year-old actress...
(from below) May I say a word?
No! (to Margo) What makes you think that either Miller or Sherwood would stand for the nonsense I take from you - you'd better stick to Beaumont and Fletcher! They've been dead for three hundred years!
(from the stage) Are you threatening me with legal action, Mr. Fabian?
(yelling) I said I'm a dying man!
(from the top of the aisle) I shall never understand the weird process by which a body with a voice suddenly fancies itself a mind! Just when exactly does an actress decide they're her words she's saying and her thoughts she's expressing?
(quiet menace) And you, I take it, are the Paderewski who plays his concerto on me, the piano? (Bill waves his cigarette; he's noncommittal) Where is Princess Fire-and-Music?
(looks lazily) Gone.
(paces up and down) Poor little flower. Just dropped her petals and folded her tent...
(sits up) Now don't get carried away-
(going right on) - shows up for an audition when everyone knew I'd be here... and gives a performance! Out of nowhere - gives a performance!
(struggling) That word again! I don't even know what it means...
(firmly) It's time you found out. I love you. (Margo says "Ha!") I love you. You're a beautiful and intelligent woman- (Margo says "A body with a voice") - a beautiful and intelligent woman and a great actress- (he waits; Margo says nothing) - at the peak of her career. You have every reason for happiness- (Margo says "Except happiness") - every reason, but due to some strange, uncontrollable, unconscious drive you permit the slightest action of a kid- (Margo sneers "Kid!") - kid like Eve to turn you into a hysterical, screaming harpy! Now once and for all, stop it!
(with dignity) I admit I may have seen better days, but I am still not to be had for the price of a cocktail - like a salted peanut.
(laughs) Margo, let's make peace.
But if I tell you it is - as I just did. Were you listening to me? (Margo nods) Isn't that enough?
Then what would be enough? (Margo doesn't answer) If we were married?
I think you do know but you won't or can't tell me. (Margo doesn't say) I said before it was going to be my last try, and I meant it. I can't think of anything else to do. I wish I could. (a pause) We usually wind up screaming and throwing things as the curtain comes down. Then it comes up again and everything's fine. But not this time. (he takes a breath) You know there isn't a playwright in the world who could make me believe this would happen between two adult people. Goodbye, Margo.
Bill... (he stops) ... where are you going? To find Eve?
(smiles grimly) That suddenly makes the whole thing believable.
Lloyd, what happened...?
Of course she knew! For one thing, Addison told her how superbly Eve had read the part-! (suddenly softening) Karen, let me tell you about Eve. She's got everything - a born actress. Sensitive, understanding, young, exciting, vibrant-
(murmurs) It's going to be a cozy weekend.
(pauses) What is?
Well. We've spent weekends before with nobody talking... (continues up stairs) ... just be sure to lock up all blunt instruments and throwable objects...
(into phone) Hello... will you call Miss Eve Harrington to the phone, please? Not at all... thank you.
(very low) I guess I didn't look. You know I don't pay attention to those things...
(crisply) How much time have we?
(looking) None in sight, there aren't many along this back road...
(grins) What a way to die - trying to get an actress to the theater in time. Tell Max I want to be buried with royalties...
(quietly) How fortunate that I have an understudy so ready, so willing and so able to go on.
(smiles) I just never think of Lloyd as anywhere but indoors and anything but sitting down.
Let's not fumble for excuses, not here and now with my hair down. At best, let's say I've been oversensitive to... well, to the fact that she's so young - so feminine and helpless. To so many things I want to be for Bill... funny business, a woman's career. The things you drop on your way up the ladder, so you can move faster. You forget you'll need them again when you go back to being a woman. That's one career all females have in common - whether we like it or not - being a woman. Sooner or later we've all got to work at it, no matter what other careers we've had or wanted... and, in the last analysis, nothing is any good unless you can look up just before dinner or turns around in bed - and there he is. Without that, you're not woman. You're something with a French provincial office or a book full of clippings - but you're not a woman... (she smiles at Karen) ... slow curtain. The end.
Margo. (she hesitates) Margo, I want you to know how sorry I am about this...
(indicating their predicament) This. I can't tell you how sorry I am!
(from within) ... you were better than all right, kid, you gave a performance, you rang a bell-
(quietly) Are you proud of me, Bill?
(lightly) The names I've been called. But never Svengali. (he pats her shoulder) Good luck.
(stops) From what would I be running?
(curiously) I'm for it.
(smiles) When I told you what every young actress should know.
(slowly) You're quite a girl.
(deliberately) Only thing, what I go after, I want to go after. I don't want it to come after me.
(entering) I expected to find this little room overcrowded, with a theater full of people at your feet...
(from the bathroom) I'd love to! Or should I pretend I'm busy?
(smiling) Let's have a minimum of pretending. I'll want to do a column about you-
- perhaps more than one. There's so much I want to know. I've heard your story in bits and pieces... your home in Wisconsin, your tragic marriage, your financial attachment to Margo - it started in San Francisco, didn't it? (no answer; Addison smiles) I say - your idolatry of Margo started in San Francisco, didn't it?
(a slight pause) Yes. The Shubert.
(grins happily) A fine old theater, the Shubert. Full of tradition, untouched by the earthquake - so sorry - fire... by the way, what was your husband's name?
(trustingly) You take charge.
(pleased) Then you've heard too.
(staggered) You were there? At the play - last night?
(smiles) A happy coincidence.
(quickly) We're having lunch with a movie talent scout.
(smiles) Margo.
I just can't believe it.
(pacing) In this rat race, everybody's guilty till they're proved innocent! One of the differences between the Theater and civilization... (she hurls the paper away) ... what gets me is how all of those papers in town happened to catch that particular performance!
(weakly) Lloyd says it's a publicity release...
(quietly) I came as soon as I read that piece of filth. I ran all the way...
(smiles) Maybe just a little around the edges.
Where'd you get all that information?
(put out his cigarette) Eve.
(gets up) She wanted to explain about her interview, wanted to apologize to someone - and didn't dare face Margo...
(walks again) What with taxes coming up - and since I'm a playwright and not an oil well operator - well, I've been thinking...
(carefully) Maybe get some younger actress for the part? Someone who'd look the part as well as play it?
(smiles) You've got to admit it would be a novelty.
(wistfully) For once, to write something and have it realized completely. For once, not to compromise-
(angry) Now just a minute!
Hello! (he quiets down) ... hi, Margo... no, not at all, Karen and I were just chatting... hmm?... why - why, yes, I'm sure we can and I'm sure we'd love to... right... 11:45ish. See you then...
(smiles) Margo in the Cub Room. I couldn't be more surprised if she'd said Grant's Tomb.
(grins) You - for one. I told her you were set on Margo playing the part - and I certainly wouldn't make a change without your approval.
(eyes still on Bill) Too bad.
(eyes still on Margo) I'm broken up about it...
For some reason you can't just pick up champagne and drink it. Somebody's got to be very witty about a toast. (he lifts his glass) For instance...
(abruptly) I'm going to propose the toast. Without wit. With all my heart.
Tomorrow we meet at City Hall at ten- (to Margo) - and you're going to be on time.
(to Margo) What are you going to wear?
There are very few moments in life as good as this. Let's remember it. (he lifts his glass) To each of us and all of us... never have we been more close - may we never be farther apart.
(angrily) This beats all world's records for running, standing and jumping gall!
(reading) "Please forgive me for butting into what seems such a happy occasion - but it's most important that I speak with you. Please" - it's underlined - "meet me in the Ladies' Room. Eve."
(looking about) Pass me the empty bottle. I may find her... why, look. There's Rasputin.
(to Karen) After all, maybe she just wants to apologize...
Don't get up. (she smiles grimly) And don't act as if I were the queen mother.
Why shouldn't you? (a pause) Please sit down.
(leading her on) - and you felt just like that talking to Addison.
(nods) In a way. You find yourself trying to say what you mean, but somehow the words change - and they become his words - and suddenly you're not saying what you mean, but what he means-
(sharply) Do you expect me to believe that you didn't say any of those things - that they were all Addison?
(smiles grimly) You've really got a low opinion of me, haven't you? We'll I'll give you some pleasant news. I've been told off in no uncertain terms all over town. Miss Channing should be happy to hear that. To know how loyal her friends are - how much more loyal they are than she had a right to expect me to be...
(turned away) I'm not crying.
(smiles) Yes, you will. You Theater people always do. Nothing is forever in the Theater. Love or hate, success or failure - whatever it is, it's here, it flares up and burns hot - and then it's gone.
Give yourself time. Don't worry too much about what people think, you're very young and very talented... (she gets up, her hand still on Eve's shoulder) ... and, believe it or not, if there's anything I can do-
(cold, relentless) That won't be necessary. Addison knows how Margo happen to miss that performance - how I happened to know she'd miss it in time to call him and notify every paper in town... (Karen stops struggling) ... it's quite a story. Addison could make quite a thing of it - imagine how snide and vicious he could get and still write nothing but the truth. I had a time persuading him... (she smiles, now) ... you'd better sit down. You look a bit wobbly. (Karen sits) If I play "Cora," Addison will never tell what happened - in or out of print. A simple exchange of favors. And I'm so happy I can do something for you - at long last... (Karen covers her face with her hands) Your friendship with Margo - your deep, close friendship - what would happen to it, do you think, if she knew the chap trick you'd played on her - for my benefit? And you and Lloyd - how long, even in the Theater, before people forgot what happened - and trusted you again? (now Eve gets up) No... it would be so much easier on everyone concerned, if I were to play "Cora." And so much better theater, too...
(smiles) I'd do much more - for a part that good.
(pours) I'm not surprised. After all that humble pie...
(thoughtfully) Do you know, Eve - sometimes I think you keep things from me.
(breaks in) I hope you mean what you say, Eve. I intend to hold you to it.
Groom- (Bill says "huh?") - may I have a wedding present?
I want everybody to shut up about Eve. Just shut up about Eve, that's all I want. Give Karen more wine... (blissfully) ... never have I been so happy. Isn't this a lovely room? The Cub Room. What a lovely, clever name. Where the elite meet. Never have I seen so much elite - and all with their eyes on me. Waiting for me to crack that little gnome over the noggin with a bottle. But not tonight. Even Eve. I forgive Eve... there they go.
(to Lloyd) Never try to outguess Margo.
(quietly) I remember.
(to Bill) You'll be there, won't you.
(grins) Often enough to keep the franchise.
A foursquare, upright, downright, forthright married lady... that's for me. And no more make believe! Off stage or on... remember, Lloyd. (Lloyd nods) I mean it, now. Grown-up women only, I might even play a mother - only one child, of course, not over eight... (they all smile) Lloyd, will you promise not to be angry with me?
(smiles) That depends.
(explodes) What?
(hastily) Now wait a minute, you're always so touchy about his plays, it isn't the part - it's a great part. And a fine play. But not for me anymore - not a foursquare, upright, downright, forthright married lady.
It means I've finally got a life to live! I don't have to play parts I'm too old for - just because I've got nothing to do with my nights! (then quietly) I know you've made plans. I'll make it up to you, believe me. I'll tour a year with this one, anything - only you do understand - don't you, Lloyd?
(into phone) Did Miss Harrington tell you to call Mr. Richards?
(finally) Aren't you... broadening the duties of a playwright just a bit? Rushing off in the middle of the night like a country doctor?
(goes right on) - and for my feelings in particular! For my play, my career - and now for a frightened, hysterical girl on the eve of her first night in the Theater!
(grins) Stop rehearsing your column... Isn't it strange, Addison? I thought I'd be panic-stricken, want to run away or something. Instead, I can't wait for tonight to come. To come and go...
The mark of a true killer. (he holds out his hand) Sleep tight, rest easy - and come out fighting...
(calling) Addison- (he pauses) - come on in for just a minute, won't you? There's... I've got something to tell you.
Some plain soda. (Eve starts to fix it) Lloyd must be expecting a record run in New Haven...
(blandly) She's always been so fantastically devoted to Lloyd. I would imagine that only death or destruction could keep her-
(breaks in) Addison, just a few minutes ago. When I told you this would be a night to remember - that it would bring me everything I wanted-
(nods) - something about an old road ending and a new one starting - paved with stars...
(her back to him) Lloyd Richards. He's going to leave Karen. We're going to be married.
(turns; shocked) It's nothing of the kind! Lloyd loves me, I love him!
Addison, won't it be just perfect? Lloyd and I - there's no telling how far we can go... he'll write great plays for me, I'll make them be great! (as she sits) You're the only one I've told, the only one that knows except Lloyd and me...
(thoughtfully) I see. And when was this unholy alliance joined?
(increasingly tense) Was the setting properly romantic - the lights on dimmers, gypsy violins off stage?
(meaningly) We sat and talked, Addison. I want a run of the play contract.
(quietly) There never was, there'll never be another like you.
(happily) Well, say something - anything! Congratulations, skol - good work, Eve!
(cautiously) I don't know what I take you for anything...
(moving away) It is possible - even conceivable - that you've confused me with that gang of backward children you've been playing tricks on - that you have the same contempt for me that you have for them?
(breaks in) - it's important right now that we talk. Killer to killer.
(wisely) Champion to champion.
Very well, plainly and distinctly. Although I consider it unnecessary - because you know as well as I, what I am about to say. (they are now facing each other) Lloyd may leave Karen, but he will not leave Karen for you.
(quietly) Remember as long as you live, never to laugh at me. At anything or anyone else - but never at me.
(curtly) What of it?
(whirls on him) She never proved anything, not a thing!
(into the bed) No-no-no...
I had lunch with Karen not three hours ago. As always with women who want to find out things, she told more than she learned... (he lets go of her hands) ... do you want to change your story about Lloyd beating at your door the other night?
(tonelessly) I won't play tonight. (Addison pauses) I couldn't. Not possibly. I couldn't go on...
(smiles) Couldn't go on? You'll give the performance of your life.
Honored members of Sarah Siddons Society, distinguished guests, ladies and gentlemen: What is there for me to say? Everything wise and witty has long since been said - by minds more mature and talents far greater than mine. For me to thank you as equals would be presumptuous - I am an apprentice in the Theater and have much to learn from you all. I can say only that I am proud and happy and that I regard this great honor not so much as an award for what I have achieved, but as a standard to hold against what I have yet to accomplish. (applause) And further, I regard it as bestowed upon me only in part. The larger share belongs to my friends in the Theater - and to the Theater itself, which has given me all I have. In good conscience, I must give credit where credit is due. To Max Fabian-
(to Addison) I'm giving her a very high-class party. It ain't like a rehearsal, she don't have to be late.
(sits) I don't think I'm going.
(sighs) Why not?
(patiently) Max has gone to a great deal of trouble, it's going to be an elaborate party, and it's for you.
No, it's not. (she holds up the award) It's for this.
Exactly. (she gives him the award) Here. Take it to the party instead of me.
(curtly) Very well. I shall drop you and go on to the party. I have no intention of missing it...
(pauses) How did you get in here?
(smiles) I don't care if I never get home.
(shyly) Miss Harrington's resting, Mr. deWitt. She asked me to see who it is...
(stubbornly) I call myself Phoebe.
(sleepy; from the living room) Who was it?
(to Janie) The 10:15 is American Fisheries?
(to the AGENT at the elevator) Hey, Cooper.
(to Janie) And Monday morning it is.
(to JANIE) I should send her some flowers.
(to JANIE) What time does she get home today?
(to ROBIN) He dumped a whole section.
(re: a memo he's been looking at) A.J., did you get one of these?
Are they blaming the President for global warming? (continuing; to SHEPHERD) Sir, I'm on the phone with these people twice a week. I honestly don't know what they want at this point.
Talk to the GDC again, A.J. Tell them the President resents the implication that he's turned his back on the environment. Tell them I'll send 455 to the floor. But we're gonna ask for a 10 percent reduction. If they want to pull their support, fine. At 63 percent job approval rating. I don't need their help getting a bill passed. We gotta get going-- where's Leon? (to an AIDE) Would you call Mr. Kodak and tell him the President's--
Sorry! Sorry, my fault. (to the AIDE) Never mind.
This isn't the guy who needed us four years ago, Susan. He's incredibly popular. He's gonna win re-election in a walk, and he could give a shit what we stand by! If the President passes the most important piece of environmental legislation in history, and does it despite our negative endorsement, our political weight in the future will rank somewhere below the Save the Spotted Owl Society. (beat) I'm bringing in some help.
(entering) David Sasser from the Times called and wanted to know what the White House felt was a great society.
That's okay, forget it. (to JANIE) What time is it?
(reading the cover) "Understanding the Constitution."
(reading) "Property of Gilmore Junior High School."
(reading) "We, the People, of the United States, in order to form a more perfect union..."
(sotto) Liberty is moving.
Listen, Robin said something to me today that I'm sure she wouldn't have said it if...I mean, she wasn't saying it to me, I realize... (beat) Ah, never mind. Have a good night.
He just needs your driver's license.
(handing him her license) I'm from Virginia.
(to the GUARD) I'm here for a meeting with Mr. MacInerney.
(to the GUARD) Forgive me, this is my first time at the White House. I'm trying to savor the Capra-esque quality.
(to SUSAN) Yeah, I do. Frank Capra, great American director -- It's a Wonderful Life, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington. (handing SYDNEY and SUSAN their laminated passes) Sydney Ellen Wade of Virginia. Knock 'em dead.
We're already doing the least we can do, but I can't think of anything better, so we'll go with this for now. (to HUD SECRETARY) Jerry, say hello to Linda for me. And if I don't see you again, have a good Thanksgiving.
(exited) Janie, this is unprecedented. I don't know what to do with myself.
(to SYDNEY) It's really time to--
Susan, I promise you, the White House Chief of Staff will not let us leave here until he's broken the bad news. (pause) I'm afraid Sydney's right. Although not about Michigan and California. The President has asked me to convey to you that he's sending his energy bill to the floor with a call for a reduction of 10 percent. (continuing) The President is willing to go it alone on this, but he's asking for, and frankly he's expecting, the full support of the GDC.
Couldn't be better. (to the GROUP) I apologize for the interruption, but A.J. asked me to stop and say hello. You wouldn't be Sydney Ellen Wade, by any chance, would you?
(quietly) Of course.
I thought maybe we might have a word in private. Someplace a little less intimidating. (calling) Janie?
(to SYDNEY) This is my personal assistant, Janie Basdin. Janie, would you show Ms. Wade into the rec room. I'll be there in a second.
(to SYDNEY) This way...
(pause) Well...
Well, if you go through that door, the United States Secret Service. That's my private office. (pointing) You need to go out that way.
(beat) Ah.
Tell him the part about walking out the wrong door.
Oh God, I forgot about that. (back into phone) No, Richard...Richard, I don't want to hear your Andrew Shepherd imitation...
(into phone) Leo?
Andrew Shepherd. (back in the phone) You're hilarious, Richard. You're a regular riot.
(beat) What?
What's going on?
(to herself) It's not possible I did this twice in one day.
(filtered) Good evening, the White House.
(quietly) My name's Sydney Ellen Wade. I'd like to--
(filtered) The President's expecting your call, ma'am. I'll put you right through.
(smiling) What did you mean when you said you don't have a phone.
(beat) How did I get the number. That's a reasonable question. I don't know. Probably the FBI.
(trying to pretend it's just another guy on the phone) The FBI. Sure. 'Cause i-if you want to find someone and you're the president, that's who you would call.
(beat) Sydney, this is just a dinner. We're not gonna be doing espionage or anything.
I don't believe it. (to an INTERN) You. New guy. "Jarrett, Democrat, Minnesota." Slide his name on over to "for." (to Lewis) We just had his name laminated under "Undecided." How'd you get the fence pole out of his butt?
(into phone) We could do with a little party leadership, Mike. Is the Majority Whip takin' a break? Congress is in session, right, I'm not wrong about that?
Lloyd, it's a long time till next November. Right now, I'm just looking forward to a pleasant evening.
Very funny. (smiles) Really, where did you learn?
(pause) Lucy, is this okay with you? My having dinner with a woman?
(affectionately) Sydney, the President told me about how you two met. I think it's priceless.
(to D'Astier) Mr. President, would allow me to introduce Sydney Ellen Wade of the Commonwealth of Virginia. Sydney, this is President Rene-Jean D'Astier and his wife Monique Danielle D'Astier of France.
(beat) This is, actually, only our second State Dinner. The first was for the Emperor of Japan, who died shortly after that, so we stopped having them for a while, just in case.
(taking over-- to D'Astier) Monsieur le President, nous sommes tous habilles, nous avons ce merveilleux orchestre, une piece magnifique...comment se fait-il que les invites ne dansent pas?
(proudly to A.J. and Esther) That's my date.
(beat) I don't understand, sir, is there--
(to Robin) I just need two minutes to make a call and I'll be right with you.
(to the OPERATOR) Yeah, good morning. How do I get an outside line? Really? That's simple. Thank you.
(through intercom) Janie, what's the state flower of Virginia?
(turning to MRS.
(through intercom) The dogwood, sir.
(to JANIE) Thank you. (into phone) It's the dogwood. (pause) What? Hold on please. (to JANIE, through intercom) Janie, the dogwood is a tree, not a flower.
(through intercom) Sir, it's a tree and a flower.
(into phone) The dogwood is both a tree and a flower. I'd like a dozen, please. Really? No dogwoods? How 'bout roses? Simple. Classic. Two dozen roses.
Ah. (into phone) Listen, what might be better is if you just bill me for the flowers. I'm sure it'll be okay with your boss. Well, I don't know if you recognize my voice, but this is the President. (beat) The United States. (they've hung up) Hello, hello...
(exited) It's from him.
Okay, listen, so he-- (to LEO'S SECRETARY) --it took him ten minutes to write a card?!
(beat) A ham?
(to LEWIS and ROBIN) There is no Sydney issue.
(to SHEPHERD) Thanks for seeing me on such short notice.
(reading to himself as he talks SYDNEY) She's gonna like you. (calling to the AIDE) Excuse me -- Jeff!
(reading the note) I can't do this.
(to Sydney) Sorry. You have concerns.
(standing up, smiling) Sydney.
(to LUCY) You turned on me.
So it comes down to character.
(to the rest) You'll have to forgive my friend. He's been on a hunting trip and cut off from the world.
She's not having any fun, though.
(to herself) This is a nightmare. This is a social studies nightmare.
It's not the dish--
(beat) No...of course.
I'm sorry, we're going to have to cut our evening short. The Libyans have just bombed C-STAD. I'll try to call you tomorrow. (to the AGENT) Can you show Ms. Wade out.
And we're gonna hit Libyan Intelligence Headquarters?
Sir, there's an unconfirmed report that you were with Sydney Wade when you learned of the attack. Can you comment? (sotto to ROBIN) Get him off.
(exasperated) Where in the White House?!
(to COOPER) Thanks, Coop.
(of course she is) That's not the issue--
(speaking up) Okay. You're attracted to me, but the idea of physical intimacy is uncomfortable because you only know me as the President. It's not always gonna be that way, and the reason I know that is because there was a moment last night when you were with me and not the President, and I know what a big step that was for you. So, Sydney, I'm in no rush. Here's my plan: We're gonna slow down. When you're comfortable, that's when it'll happen.
(pause) Are you nervous?
(gently) Andy...
(to LEWIS) What's the situation?
(to SYDNEY) We'll have somebody take you home.
(to SYDNEY) Sydney, when you leave here, you're gonna run into reporters and photographers. Your picture's gonna be taken every day, and you're gonna be asked questions every day. Answer them, don't answer them -- it's entirely up to you. The White House has no official position except to say "no comment."
But, sir... (the meeting's over) Thank you, Mr. President. (continuing) Sydney. Esther'll be in my office. You take your time.
(staring at the photo) Oh man...tell me the smoke is coming from what it looks like it's coming from.
(singing softly) "It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas..."
(to SYDNEY) Ask him about his position on stateboard for Hawaii.
(into phone) Harry, think like a father for a second. Wouldn't you like your kids to be able to take a deep breath when they're 30? Thank you. You're doing the right thing.
(exciting) Good night, David.
(sotto) Liberty's moving.
He's incredibly late.
(to LEWIS and ROBIN) Hop in. We'll talk in the car.
(meant for LEWIS) It could've been a small problem. It's now at the very least a medium- sized--
(pause) Today?
Let me see if I've got this: The third story on the news tonight was that someone I didn't know 13 years ago, when I wasn't President, participated in a demonstration where no laws were being broken in protest of something that so many people were against it doesn't exist anymore? (beat) Just out of curiosity, what was the fourth story?
(into phone) Hello... (listens) I'm just trying on dresses. How do you feel about leather?
Another woman?
Excuse me--
(to Shepherd) I will be right with you.
(to the GIRL) Hey, I don't know if you're the one I talked to on the phone... Virginia, dogwood, the President ...any of it ring a--
(into phone) Brutus and Cassius? They want me to get into the character debate and mix it up.
(into phone) Lewis and Robin are very smart.
(to LEWIS and ROBIN) Sydney says you guys are really stupid.
(shouting through the phone) I didn't say that!
(to LEWIS and ROBIN) She's questioning your loyalty.
(into phone) Wait a second, here comes my favorite part.
(into phone) It's a good thing he cleared that up, 'cause the crowd was gettin' ready to buy some AMWAY products.
(into phone) His number are climbing.
(into phone) Sydney, his number have nowhere to go but up.
(into phone) What about yours?
(into phone) We're fine. We'll be back up in the 60's once I get the votes for the crime bill. (beat; into phone) Say, what're you doing this weekend?
(into phone) I've got some work I was gonna bring home. Why?
(into phone) The negotiations are going pretty well here. It looks like the nation's going to keep on flying. Lucy's sleeping over at a friend's house Saturday night.
(into phone) What'd you have in mind?
(into phone) Have you ever been to Camp David?
(into phone) Camp David? Sure. I used to go there all the time, but then they changed chefs and...
(into phone) It's sass, right? You're sassing me.
(into phone) Yes.
(into phone) I'll have a car pick you up Saturday morning.
(re the book) Oh, Andy...C-minus in Women's Studies?
(on T.V.) ...for his routine physical exam. Doctors at Bethesda Naval Hospital pronounced President Shepherd in excellent health.
(on T.V.) While the President spent the day at Camp David, G.O.P. presidential hopeful Robert Rumson continued his attacks on President Shepherd's character. During the Saturday morning news program Capitol Review with Kenneth Michaels, Senator Rumson suggested that GDC political director Sydney Ellen Wade, whose personal relationship with the President has been causing the White House headaches over the past two months, may have traded sexual favors for key votes in the Virginia State Legislature while lobbying for the Virginia Teachers Association.
(on T.V.) Wait a minute, Senator--
(on T.V.) I'm not saying--
(on T.V.) --'cause that's a heck of an accusation to make, and--
(on T.V.) I'm not making an acc-- let me be very clear. I'm not making an accusation. I am saying when we hear one thing, we dismiss it. We hear two, we dismiss it. But when several, several well- respected members and former members of the Virginia State House--
(on T.V.) Can you give us names?
(on T.V.) --each of their own accord, comes to me and expresses concern over the woman standing next to -- I don't even know, do we call her the First Mistress? When several--
(pause) It's Christmas?
I pitched 'em the hill. (beat) On its merits?
(beat) Okay.
Congressman Pennybaker, on election day, people give a damn about what I tell them to give a damn about. And that's why I have a job. (offering the bread basket) Did you want another roll?
All right! Good job!
(taking his bowl) Tons. I didn't think you liked it.
(beat) That's great, Sydney. I mean it. That's great work.
Bad.
(into phone) You're supposed to be a United States Congressman, for the love of Christ.
(a whispered shout) Lewis!
(into phone) Vote your conscience, you chicken- shit, lame-ass--
(beat) I hope so. 'Cause, you know, if that was an "undecided," then we need to work on our people skills.
(into the first phone) Karen, it's Lewis. Could you hunt down Congressman Quincy for me. I need to talk to him right way.
(beat) And we declare victory, sir.
(pause) That one too, sir.
(evenly) Lewis, we've had Presidents who were beloved, who couldn't find a coherent sentence with two hands and a flashlight. People don't drink the sand, 'cause they're thirsty, Lewis. They drink it 'cause they don't know the difference.
(approaching SYDNEY) Leo needs to see you.
f
Have you seen a gray cableknit sweater?
(stopping) Sydney. Please. I don't want to lose you over this.
(pause) Politically?
(pause) What do you mean?
(quietly) Stand up please.
(into phone) Lewis...call A.J. and come on down here...I don't know, but something's happening.
(entering) Mr. President, I thought you might want to look at this. I moved Social Security up front. Hello, Sydney.
(to SYDNEY) I've got some things to do.
(to LEWIS) See you after.
Article 2, Section 3, of the U.S. Constitution. Executive Powers. (reading) "He shall, from time to time, give to the Congress information of the State of the Union, and recommend to their consideration such measures as he shall judge necessary and expedient." (continuing) Give 'em hell, Andy. (continuing) You've got 30 seconds, Mr. President.
Thank you. (to LUCY) I'll see you afterward. I want a critique.
(raising his voice above the cheering) Do what?
Sonny Liston: you ain't no champ! You a chump! (beat) You want to lose your money, bet on Sonny. He know I'm great. He will go in eight!
(reading) ...210... Cassius Clay weighs 210 pounds.
(changes down) You sure you got that right...?
(low) Keep talkin', punk-ass faggot! I'll fuck you up like I's your daddy...
(older reporter) That a promise?
(to Jimmy Cannon) ...you be the first eatin' his words!
(alarmed, to Pacheco) 210 over 110?! I can't let him in the ring in this condition!
(shout) Liston says he'll talk with his fists. "Lip from Louisville." (laughter) ...odds 7:1 against you. Big bet's whether he'll knock you out in the first round or third round or kill you altogether. You scared of him?
(sees) Howard!
Howard Cosell, you are an instigator! (Cosell smiles) How you get that way? When I'm done with Liston, I'm comin' for you!
(to Pacheco) It doesn't come down, I cancel this fight. You call me in an hour with his blood pressure.
(entering) I'm called Bundini, rhymes with Houdini. He was a Jew, too...some other people call me Fastblack...or Daddy Mac...
(thinks, then) Yeah...
(inexplicably moved, covers) Ain't spent much time in Miami. Where the water?
(while tying) He's right.
It's a crusade in modern times. And television is beaming if off Telstar to the whole world. So Allah has brought this about for a reason... (time to leave) Salaam alaikum, my brother...
(at ringside, on radio) He's opened a cut on Liston. Liston's never been cut!
No. You quit, it's over! Get out there. Be a yardstick. This is the big one, daddy. Get out there and run!
I had him in the first round. 'Cause I'm the greatest! (and seeing at ringside, calling him up) Sam... Hey, Sam! Let him up.
No, he don't! (to kid) Now, don't believe that stuff on television...
(tentative) Yeah. I going to be a people's champ... (beat) But not like Joe Louis, exactly...
(starts) Mr. Clay...?
(all at once) You a card-carrying member?    Aren't Black Muslims a hate group?
(droll) "Card-carrying"...? Don't need no "card." You got a Christian card? 750 million people believe in Islam. I'm one of them.
(mumbles, half-asleep) ...watchin' a show on termites...they knockin' down this house, here.
(sees) What is it?
(after a beat) Tore out a picture of Emmett Till when I was little. Couldn't take my eyes to it...couldn't look at it. Barb-wire around his neck to a 75- pound cotton-gin fan. Took out his eye. The cruelty to it...I couldn't look at it...couldn't throw it away.
...when I heard about the four girls bombed in the 16th Street Church in Birmingham? (beat) The prohibitions of the Honorable Elijah Muhammad prevented me from speaking my voice in action. Because Birmingham was part of the civil rights movement, begging for a place at the white man's table... But dead children...are dead children. So the anger I felt, I had to contain. I locked that down! So tight my muscles seized. I lost control over the right side of my body. Leg didn't work...right arm didn't work. "I'm having a stroke," I thought. I had to hold it in 'cause I wanted, all I wanted was to BREAK SOMETHING! Break a part...any part of this system. Because you are so provoked as a human being. In your spirit. In your heart... At the death of children. But I COULD DO...nothing.
(a beat, sounding it) Muhammad Ali. (humble) "Worthy of praise..." Thank you!
(cautioning) Be very careful what you say...your words reflect on the nation of Islam, now.
(after a beat) Up until now, I have entrusted your spiritual development to Brother Malcolm. (beat) I do not feel this is a wise course anymore.
(not a thought) This is a great honor, Messenger...
When the contract run out. I want black lawyers and managers. Chauncey Eskridge on North La Salle Street... (angrily) They saved you from the gangsters, from the jackals and the hyenas of boxing. Never cheated you. Protected you with a trust fund...
...dinner! (cold) Go ahead!
The Honorable Elijah Muhammad has given the Muslim name, Muhammad Ali, to Cassius X. Herbert Muhammad's been placed in charge of his training, instead of you. (and ultimately) Muhammad Ali will not be traveling with you to Africa.
(concerned for her husband) Malcolm?
(after a beat, disconsolate) Cassius won't be coming to Africa...not with me.
(calling) Mommy...the bath's ready...
(not understanding; British accent) I am...the pilot. He's the copilot... (moves map case) Here, Mr. Clay, sit down...
...on the phone with his wife. She's having a hard time sleeping...baby's kicking a lot...
(shouts) Brother Muhammad...
We just got here now... (words rush out) And, maaan, the brothers were flyin' a DC 8. Flippin' switches, navigatin', filing flight plans, talkin' French...
Algeria. See Ben Bella... (beat) Go to Mecca, Medina. I just came back. Made my seven circuits around the Kaaba, prayed at sunrise... There were two million people...pilgrims from all over. Dressed all the same, high and low, the same. Blonde-haired, blue-eyed Muslims. Arabs. (off Ali's look of surprise) Blacks. Yeah. All of them, Muslims praying together.
(in French) Le Ministre de Dfense vous remercie.
(in French) Il n'y a pas de quoi. Cela m'a fait grand plaisir. Faites-lui mes compliments.
(his thoughts) ...shouldn't have quarreled with the Honorable Elijah...
(laughs) What you keep sayin' my name for?
(crossing out) Where you live?
(laughs) Well, I'm not too busy right now, so...I'll think on it.
Cover my hair? No make-up?     Long dresses? Honey, please. (beat) Were you a virgin?
(laughs) 'Cause you so "gone" off a little good time.
I'm no virgin...but I may as well be. (beat) I ain't jokin'! I always know when I know. See this face? I mean, you got a pretty face for a girl's face, but you ever seen somethin' as pretty as me? Now, you about five-foot-three...that's too small. But I overlook that, too, 'cause...
(sarcastic) Thank you so much.
You can't marry that girl! She was a date! Have some fun! She's not your wife! You don't marry this girl. (puts contracts in front of him) Sign there. Management papers. My father will kill me.
(to Bingham; sharp) Nothing to do with you.
(signs anyway) And get me a kosher cook...lady who cooks at Malcolm's temple. Put my brother on the payroll. 50g a year for drivin' and jivin'.
(to Bundini) Sober up and say something to this man, Bundini. You supposed to be his "inspiration."
(looks at Ali; to Ali, serious) I got to know about Sonji, Muhammad. She got a sister? (as Ali laughs)
She gonna be a Muslim, now! (flashes) So fix it up, Herbert.
The idea was...to...make...Malcolm smaller, you know? Diminished; obscure? Not to turn him into a messiah. (the paper) What I got, now, is Malcolm shoulder to shoulder with Martin Luther King. (beat) And Malcolm running all over the world getting Ben Bella and Nasser to denounce racism in the U.S. while we're competing over there with the Soviets.
What am I drinkin'? Water's what I'm drinkin', champ! I'm a natural man...
Come on in...! (sees) What's that?
About you and us and I ain't tellin' 'em shit. (drunk) Tell it like it is, sugar! They took my boy's name...and what they give him back? Bad style.
(shouts) What you doin' in my pockets, man? Get your hand outta my pocket!
Hold it, hold it, brothers! (pleading) Let's be cool.
(dazed) They killed Malcolm...they shot Malcolm.
(his thoughts) You were the first...you walked me forward, my brother...you were the first...
(sings) "Been a long, long time comin', but a change gonna come, yes it is..."
Why you done up like that?
(quiet; tough) Well, sorry you don't like how I am...
He so pretty, when you look up "pretty" in the dictionary, he too pretty to be there. (re: newspaper, to Ali) ...you gonna try for Germany?
Champ.   It's Eskridge... (Ali didn't know) They changed your classification. (turns page) It's in the paper...You're 1-A. You're gonna get drafted into the Army...
(takes phone) You know about this?
(cuts in) And I'm not Cassius Clay. That's a slave name. I'm a free man. I'm Muhammad Ali.
(stops, realizing) You know, I apologize to you. On the air. Your name is Muhammad Ali. You have the right to be called whatever you want.
(stays angry) You make a lot of mistakes for a so-called educated man. You really go to law school?
(fast) And without me...you'd be a mouth.
Keep talking. You were saying something half-smart...
(quietly) You do six weeks basic...you go into the Reserves...you don't go to Vietnam...you get to box...you even get to keep the money...
(lets him know) The Messenger would not object if you joined under these terms.
(nods) All you have to do is accept the induction. And life goes on.
(nods) Yes.
(repeats) Cassius Marcellus Clay. Ali doesn't move.
(presenting badge) Federal Bureau of Investigation. Mr. Clay, you're under arrest for refusing induction...
So what? (beat) I ain't gonna be what anybody else want me to be. I'm not afraid to be what I want. And think how I want.
(to Arum) People are following me...
You sure you want to do all this? (politics) Your next three to four years are every heavyweight's prime. And there are few of those years...
(angrily) Motherfucker. He got a deferment for bein' too tall, or havin' flat feet. Why don't he serve for me? Tellin' me what I should do...
(to Ali + Eskridge) I got to get you some fights.    Fast.
(angry) Yes, sir!
What...?
(cuts in) What you call me...?
(infuriated) Announce it right here or from flat on your back!
(shouted) My name?! WHAT'S MY NAME?!
(obliges) My pleasure. The jury has found you guilty of refusing induction into the United States armed forces. I sentence you to the maximum sentence allowable...five years' imprisonment and a fine of ten thousand dollars. (pause) Fast enough? Your attorney will lodge an appeal. While you're out on bond, I order your passport surrendered. I'll not have you benefitting yourself by fighting abroad...
(laughs) See, you don't need to fight no more...
(smiles) Everything fresh!
(smiles) What's the freshest of the freshest?
(smiles) Doughnuts just came out...
(holds up the doughnut) Feed me those things, I gotta come back as a wrassler. (a ring announcer) 645 pounds. I'd still be pretty...but I be fat pretty...
(joking) I remember something...   Wha's your name?

Draw a crowd or not draw a crowd, Muhammad, is NOT going to make a difference with your boxing licenses. They don't want you to fight. (so much for speculation) ACLU's handling your case against the New York Boxing Commission. They discovered New York's got actual ex-murderers and ex-rapists currently licensed to fight. But revoked yours...?
(to customers) Look out!

Where the money come from, Chauncey? Herbert tell me I'm runnin' on empty. Put aside "how do that happen"? Licenses all revoked. No passport. I can't fight here. Can't fight abroad. (beat) And what happen if I lose the Supreme Court?
(curt) Man give him a shot, he took a shot.
No, he didn't. I told them about the one on the way...myself. (moves to the kitchen)
I'll call 'em, I'll call 'em... (re: the baby) May-may! It go in one end and come out the other.
(interrupting) Hold on one second...we have a caller. Go ahead.
(into phone) Cosell? This Muhammad Ali.
I'm saying it's time for everybody to quit lying! Muhammad Ali is the champ! I have to, I'll get the fight on myself. (beat) And if they offer me money, I ain't gonna turn it down.
(following behind) Wouldn't let me. Said he knew you...and to call you, Mr. Ali... He's not been out for three days...
(opens his eyes; half sits) Watchu' doin' here? Gimme that short dog!
(shielding his eyes) Leave me alone!
Lemme alone! (shouts) I'm flyin'! The Sky Chief talk through me. I know the word!
(demonstrates) Yeah? The king gotta go home to his throne! From the root to the fruit...!
(demonstrates more) God don't care about you! Don't care about me! In all of everything, we mean nothin'. He don't know us. We be. And that's the onliest thing he did. And that's good 'cause that's why we free. But free ain't easy. Free is real. And realness is a motherfucker... (low; almost spooky) It eats raw meat. (beat) It walk in its own shoes. (beat) It does not waver... (pause) Yeah...
(absent) Yeah.
(to himself) ...you can't do what you do best in the world. And how you feed your family? From prison? Who take care of your kids? And is Allah, is God with me?
(loud) Don't bother me. I'm a world- famous broadcaster and you're an ex-champion with diminished skills. I can't be seen you, it would be calamitous to my reputation.
Howard, you losing your hearing along with your hair? Don't put questions to it! (beat) I am through fighting. 'Cause I got a bigger and more important match comin' up. The U.S. government. A heavier contender.
There you go, agitatin'. (beat) You ask Smokin' Joe what he been smokin'?! Joe Frazier even dream he can whup me? He better wake up and apologize... (pause) But, if I WAS to jump in the ring with Joe, here's what you might see... (recites) Ali comes out to meet Frazier, but Frazier starts to retreat; If Frazier goes back an inch farther, he'll wind up in a ringside seat; Ali swings with a left, Ali swings with a right. Frazier keeps backin', but there's not enough room. It a matter of time before Ali lowers the boom; Now Ali lands with a right, what
You announce that if I beat Quarry you give me the title shot. (puts it to him) So what you say...maaan?
My daddy was a sharecropper. I worked in a slaughterhouse...right on that corner. I came up from nothing. (raises fist) What I got, I got with this. And I already got the title. So I got nothing to win and everything to lose.
(looks at him) Yeah..."yet." (beat) All right. You beat Quarry, I'll get inna ring and fuck you up...
(turns away) I'm fine. Thanks.
I'm clean. (beat) And you a resurrection. This is God's act. Anybody love poor people and little people and fucked-up people gotta be a prophet.
(quietly) You can't hit what you can't see.
(quietly) Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee.
(quietly) Rumble, young man, rumble!
As-Saalam Alaikum...Brother Muhammad...
All praise to Allah... (a beat, and softly...) ...Alaikum Salaam...
(beaming) The Messenger has lifted the suspension, Muhammad. Congratulations.
(cold) I never stopped. Like I never stopped being champ.
(interrupts) When I got leery and talked up how come I'm broke, then came the suspension. Now, you explain that to me, my brother...?
(puts a hand on his shoulder) I love the Nation, Herbert. I love Elijah Muhammad. But it don't own me.
(reads) No. "The Supreme Court ruled today in the case of the United States vs. Cassius Clay, a.k.a. Muhammad Ali..." (looks up) You won an 8-0 unanimous decision. You're free.
They stole it from you! (etc.)
Shut up! I lost. (louder) Get outta here...
(to Pacheco) Ferdie, take a look at this... (to Ali) It was still a hell of a fight.
Woulda, shoulda, coulda... (pause) After three-and-a-half years, this...from how far back...comeback is.
(stops) Oh, how wrong he is.
(concerned) It's broke. I think...I think your jaw's broke.
Ain't stoppin' nothin'...! (glares at them) Nothin' stoppin'...!
Now that Smokin' Joe's run out of tomato cans to beat up, I finally got Yank to commit to a rematch with you in about six months. Frazier said he'd be happy with three mil... (beat)
I'll fly to Jamaica and get Yank to sign right after Joe beats this big stiff. (to TV)
(through still-wired- together jaw) Foreman call me one time after he won the Olympics...
(shouting)
(wry) B-b-be easy gettin' a Frazier fight now. He ain't the champ of anything except getting knocked down.
(to Angelo) You think I still got the tools?
(thinks; decides: go) Well, you better sharpen 'em up. 'Cause we goin' to Africa.
They say, "Ali, boma ye. Ali, boma ye."
(can't hear) What?!
(has to shout) It mean..."Ali, kill him! Ali, kill him!"
(to himself) Fast. Six left jabs flash from his chest and shoulder, followed by a right hook and left and right uppercuts.
(repeating) Ali, boma ye George Foreman!
(broken English) You beat them, Ali!
(beat) Some of us...Norman, me...are worried. How you gonna dance against George?? He's sparring with a middleweight, training to cut you off. He gets you against the ropes, he can knock you out with either hand.
(drops facade) What's the odds?
Muhammad, I'm sorry. I have to ask. (he hesitates; he's sorry, but) Are you really fast enough, anymore? To beat George Foreman? Many people believe you don't have the same skills, that you are not the same man you used to be ten years ago.

(pause) So? What's that do with any of why we here?
(she doesn't get it) We're here 'cause Don King got Mobutu to put up ten million dollars. Don King don't give a damn about Africa. He worse than Herbert.
Yeah. 'Cause where was he when we was broke and borrowing money? And Bundini and all them that "love you"? Disappeared, is where they were. (on a roll) All over you when you got it and drop off you when you don't...
(running on) And Don King fit right in...that double-breasted hipster is now a dashiki-wearing rip-off.
Don King talks black, lives white and thinks green! Why you defending him and "brother" Herbert? (against me)
(not hearing) And now they got you up against George Foreman. Do they give a damn you could get killed?
(tears flow) I think: why is my Muslim husband letting himself get strung up on a cross...? It means, "tell me."
I'll be back before the fight. (sarcastic) If that's all right, my husband...
(over the drumming) Champ! Champ! George had an accident.
(suspicious) What are you talking about?
How right you are, my suspicious and short Italian brother. And my fiduciary responsibility to this first all-black promotion is like a garden in the African sun. It must grow! It must bloom! It cannot flower in the gloom and shade of postponement to some dome. Like the Astrodome, the Super-dome, any dome outta Zaire, where it be deprived of light and bled of water. 'Cause what gonna bleed...is money. A hemorrhage of cash. (sees it all) ...blood on the floor. Double hotel costs. Double travel costs. Airplanes. Food and beverage...
(rhetorical) What do you expect us to do, Don?
(moves close to Ali) Muhammad. Find a way to get George to stay. Be Moses in reverse: do NOT let my people go! Stay the fuck right here, in Egypt, if you'll pardon my Swahili.
(pissed, dissed big) If George goes? You forfeit five million. You crawl back to Cincinnati. You ain't promotin' a charity raffle...
(irrepressible) If George goes? George goes, my champion, I will get you Joe Frazier. Ali-Frazier III...the
(double entendre) You bad!
(laughs to dismiss Ali) We will reschedule the fight, and to ensure George is ready, we are thinking of postponing from September 24th to October 30th.
(skeptical) Uh-huh. I want all helicopters guarded! Private boats. Private jets. I want the airport -- I'm serious -- I want President Mobutu and all his paratroopers. Mobutu and all his paratroopers. I want all of you "Zaireans" to be on guard! Watch all strange boats tryin' to slip away! They might be takin' him out.
(to King) Hey!!!
(laughs) Yes.
But with a little something extra. (beat) Veronica, I know you now. C'mere, sit down.
(looking at her admiringly) Well...they all came together real nice.
You know... (hesitating; low) ...I'm glad you said what you did. You made sure this fight stays here.
All them writers in there think Foreman gonna...kill me! (eyes go wide) What you think?
I can't go there. All the ladies out there from Indonesia, Japan, Hawaii, India... (high-pitched voice, imitating female fans) "Ali-i-i-e-e-e! Ali-e-e-e! Oh, Muhammad Al-i-i-i!" (speaks in faux foreign language, imitating female fans; to Bingham) You seen those people from Thailand? I was in Bangkok -- I couldn't walk. (laughter; hangs his head) I couldn't...I just couldn't do nothin'. "Get me outta this country!" (laughter) The women were so pretty...
(interrupts) Ladies in Thailand, their hair comes down to their knees...and they about Veronica's complexion...and they bad!
(to Veronica) Let's go for a ride.
Listen, girl, as a Muslim, I am busted out and failed in the eyes of God. I shoulda discovered Islam at 50! 'Cause I am weak on women. They take my eyes and my heart follow...causing me to be a lovin' husband and a terrible husband...! (looks down at her, intensely) ...green eyes and cocoa skin...? (feigns wobbly legs) ...okay, rest of me, let's go!!
(shouts)
(laughs) Hey, hold up, chump!   Make this chump turn me loose.
(lunges for wife's note pad) Give me that thing!
(breaking through) Muhammad. Give her an Ali button!
No, you ain't. (concedes) All right, give my wife an Ali button.
(in French) (caught; smiles) Je suis avec l'Agence amricane d'informations. Il ne m'est pas permis d'exprimer mes prfrences entre deux citoyens des Etats-Unis.
(meaning Sadler) He gone?
(tight) Hi...Mrs. Ali.
You know what's going on. (it's not the first time)
I live with the casual ones. (gestures to Veronica's clothing) But this, this...I can't hold it together anymore.
You're following your heart? (sarcasm falls away) That's what you do. No matter what anybody says. Or thinks. Or what it does... (pause) And what happens now?
I fight George. (after a beat) I didn't come this far to quit.
(in French) We are ready, your excellent President for Life...
(in French) Invite Monsieur Idi to join me now... The Banker? The American?
(in French) They are waiting in the sitting room.
(from doorway) Countdown! Countdown!
Thanks to Allah... (praying)
(shouts) Four minutes!
Give us a moment. Alone. (off Herbert's look) Hey. This is my religion!
(looks up) Foreman ain't no mummy. He's knocked out eight out of eleven before the end of the third round. He the most dangerous fighter I ever fought.
(shouts) One minute!
Now, both of you know the rules. When I step back, I want a good, clean break. (Clayton keeps going) No hitting below the belt, no kidney punches, no...
(past the ref; eyeballing George) You been hearin' about me for years. All your life you been hearin' about Muhammad Ali. Now you gotta face me.
(to Foreman) You never should have come to Africa.
(blows up) All right!! (beat) Now go to your corners and come out fighting when you hear the bell, and may the best man...win...
(to himself) There is nothin'... Nothin'! (another Foreman hook lands) ...I cannot take.
(it gets quiet; to himself:) Here come George's "murder" round. (refers to Round Three)
(calmly) ...been here before.
(distant echoes) Ali, move! (beat) Dance, champ!
(to himself) Open the door, Richard...outta this room... Put on your coat, man...get out...
Yes. (then in Lingala to servant)
It has. (he glances around the room)
(getting up) You've always been so good to Li Mu Bai and me.  Please accept our thanks.
It's ready! (re: the soup)
(to Bo) She's going to paralyze you!
(to Li and Yu) Come with me.
(formal) Greetings, Sir Te.
(shouting a bit) You're tired.  You need rest.  Your horse needs water.  There's a creek up here.
(smiling painfully) If you don't, I'll come after you. And I won't let you off so easy.
(whispering) Go.
(through her tears) Don't ever come back.
(v.o.) Jen!  Come with me!  You're mine!
(to Lo) Come with me!  Hurry!
(without lifting her eyes) Long.
(dazed) I have to order from a bigger restaurant.
(furious) Gou?  I hate that name.  It makes me puke!  Too bad you're named Gou. You'll be the first to feel my sword today.
(heavily bandaged) She kept accusing me of being Gou Jun Pei's brother.  Who is this Gou, anyway?
(to Yu) We're close to your headquarters. Go home and check in.
(excited) I'll go and make up his room!
(enraged) Stop it!  You don't deserve the Green Destiny.
(takes the comb from her hair)
I found something. I think you  should take a look at it.
I don't want to do this. (fighting back tears) But I was taught a little thing  called duty. Something I wasn't  able to teach my own son...
(overly friendly) Good morning, Jim!  I just love  your tie!  That color!
(chuckling) Jane. Hush.
(blurts) Like when our editorial director  used the company MasterCard to pay  for a hooker, and then she used the  card number to stay at the St.  Regis for, what was it, three  months?
(startled) That's unsubstantiated gossip.
(angry) I've been writing for this  magazine for fourteen years, Brad.   You've been here how long, a month?
(frank) I'm, one of the good guys, Les. I  trying to level with you. This is  your one chance to save your job.
(sighs) Could you be just a little bit  more dramatic, please?
(considers) No. No, we don't. As soon as  you've prepared a nutritious yet  flavorful meal that I'm about to  eat, you can listen to whatever you  like.
(suspicious) It was okay.
(uncomfortable) Dad, what do you expect? You can't  all of a sudden be my best friend,  just because you've got a problem.
(shocked) what?!
We can leave right after this,  right?
(emphatic) We don't leave without seeing her.
(to Angela) Hi, I'm Lester.  Jane's dad.
(warming) Thanks.
(hugs Jane) Honey, I'm proud of you. I watched  you very closely, and you didn't  screw up once. (then, to Lester)  Okay, we have to go.
(you freak) Dad.  Mom's waiting for you , and  she look like she's about to start  chewing her hair.
I think it's sweet. (then) And I think he and your mother  have not had sex for a long time.
It's okay. I'm used to guys  drooling over me. (lights a cigarette) It started when I was about  twelve. I'd go out to dinner with  my parents. Every Thursday night,  Red Lobster. And every guy there  would stare at me when I walked in.  And I knew what they were thinking.  Just like I knew guys at school  thought about me when they jerked  off...
Oh, I know.  Because everything  that was meant to happen, does.   Eventually. (then) Maybe I should come in a say good  night to your dad.
Hello.
(unnerved) I must have forgotten. I'm sorry.
No. (things) No.
(shakes) Colonel Frank Fits, U.S. Marine  Corps.
That's the whole thing, Dad. They  don't feel like it's anything to be  ashamed of.
(calling off) Cunt! (then) I am so sick of people taking  their insecurities out on me.
We see Carolyn, working with  fierce concentration as she:
Over twenty feet.
(opening cabinet) These have just been refaced. no  new construction.
(re: faucet) What is this, gold?
I have an excellent landscape  architect -
(in unison with her;  he's heard this before)
(sighs) Will you please do me a favor and  act happy tonight?
(grins stupidly) I am happy, honey.
(spots someone) Leonard!
(friendly) It's good to see you too,  Catherine.
Very well, thank you. (to his wife) Hello, Christy.
(shakes Lester's Hand) It's a pleasure.
(friendly) It's okay.  I wouldn't remember me  either.
(forced gaiety)  Honey. Don't be weird.
(suspicious) Yeah.
(shocked) Really?
(to Ricky) Look.  I'm not paying you to... (eyes Lester,  suspiciously)
I think you just became my  personal hero. (then) Doesn't that make you nervous,  just quitting your job like that?  Well, I guess when you're all of,  what? Sixteen?
Nineteen. (off Lester's look) I was held back a few years in  school. (then) I just do these gigs every now and  then as a cover. I have other  sources of income. But my dad  interferes a lot less in my life  when I pretend to be an upstanding  young citizen with a respectable  job.
Hi (then to Lester) I'm ready to leave.  I'll meet you  out front.
I should say hi to your dad.  (off Jane's look) I don't want to be rude.
(her sales smile) Yes, of course!
(really enjoying this) If he built up his chest and arms,  I'd totally fuck him.
(intrigued) Really?
(furious) Don't mess with me, mister, or I  will divorce you so fast it'll make  your head spin!
(panting) Just started.
(shakes) Colonel Frank Fitts, U.S. Marine  Corps.
(quickly) RE-ANIMATOR. Yeah. I've got it on  tape. Want to borrow it? (before Lester can  answer)
(distant) All right, be careful.
(re: urine cup) What is this?
(mockingly) When everybody else in junior high  was listening to the Beatles, I was  into Three Dog Night.
(indicates bag) Well, this is totally decent, and  it's three hundred.
(indicates another bag) But this shit is top of the line,  It's called G-143.  Genetically  engineered by the U.S. Government.   Extremely potent.  But a completely  mellow high, no paranoia.
(looks around room) Well, now I know how you can  afford all this equipment.  When I  was your age, I worked at  McDonald's all summer just to buy  an eight track.
My dad thinks I paid for all this  with catering jobs. (laughs) Never underestimate the power of  denial.
(finally, re:  equipment)
(as he lifts) That's. What. You. Think.
(laughs) I've spent fourteen years being a  whore for the advertising industry.  The only way I could save myself  now is to start firebombing.
(standing) Nope.  Just an ordinary guy with  nothing to lose.
She's moving there. (off Carolyn's look) We're splitting up.
(bitterly) Yes, according to her1 I'm too  focused on my career. As if being  driven to succeed is some sort of  character flaw. Of course, she  certainly took advantage of the  lifestyle my success afforded her (then laughing) Believe me, it's for the best.
Great. Wrap it up and I'll take it  home. Oh, and I'd like thin slices,  please.
(laughs) You know you want it, you stuck-up  bitch.
(uncomfortable) Look. I want you to stop filming  me.
Hey, I have an idea! Let's all go  to the mall together. (off Jane's look) He can film us doing things.
I don't know. (to Ricky, suggestive) What kind of things do you like to  film?
(looking at Jane) Things that are beautiful.
(to Jane) Do you do everything she says?
(defensive) No. I want to go.
Actually, I'd like to fill out an  application.
Oh, come on. (a pointed look to us) I'm sure our audience wants to  know all about you.
(disgusted) Oh God.
(snort) What was amazing about it?
(after a beat) Is it only dead things?
(to Angela) You know what? Let's bag the mall.  It's boring.
Whatever. (to Ricky) Hey, turn that camera back on, and  do like it's my talk show again.  That was fun.
(intrigued) Really.
(embarrassed) I've never fired a gun before.
(concerned) No,  you're scared of me.
(suddenly) Oh my God. What time is it?
That's quite all right, dear.   Your father and I were just  discussing his day at work. (to Lester) Why don't you tell our daughter  about it, honey?
(ashen) How dare you speak to me like that  in front of her?
(to Lester) I hope you don't think for one  minute I'm going to support you
(rises Okay, guys? I'm not going to be a  part of this.
(means it) Sit down.
(overlapping) Do you really think -
(tearful) The reason I'm glad is because  you're old enough to learn the most  important lesson in life: you  cannot count on anyone except  yourself. It's sad, but the and the  sooner you learn it, the better off  you'll be.
No, sir. I won't fight you.
(simultaneous) Discipline.  I know.  Thank you  for trying to teach me. (then) Don't give up on me, Dad.
Well, all I know is...
Hm. Let me think... No. (off her look) You never drove it.
(mimicking her)  Where's the Camry? Where's Jane?  Where's my butt? (then) I don't know where Jane is. She's  probably as far away from you as  she could get.
(quietly) I'm not as helpless as you think I  am.
Why?
(re: image on TV) It's okay when you're just filming  me, because that's just you,  looking at me.  But it's weird,  watching myself.  I don't like how  I look.
When I was fourteen, my dad caught  me smoking dope. He totally freaked  and sent me to military school. I  told you his whole thing about  structure, and discipline, right? (laughs) Well, of course, I got kicked out.  Dad and I had this huge fight, and  he hit me... and then the next day,  at school, some kid made a crack  about my haircut, and I just...  snapped. I wanted to kill him. And  I would have, if they hadn't pulled  me off him. (then) That's when my dad put me in the  hospital. They drugged me up and I  was there for almost two years.
Well... you better believe I'd  hate my father if he did something  like that to me. (laughs) Wait. I do hate my father.
Gross, no! (then) But it'd be nice if I was anywhere  near as important to him as she is.
Of course it's okay. She's always  welcome here. (on her way out) I thought you and Angela might  have had a fight. We haven't seen  her in a while.
(nervous) I've been too embarrassed to  invite her over. Because you always  hang around when she comes over,  and you, you -stare at her all the  time, like you're drunk. It's  disgusting.
It's good. (then) Oh, Dad.  I don't need a ride this  morning.  I'm going to go in with  Jane and her mom.
(startled) Jane?
(cheerful) I know, I remember what you told  me, so I made it extra crispy!
(a grin) Nothing.
(turns to him) Then I guess we'll just have to be  bad, won't we?
(loving this) Uh-un, You don't get to tell me  what to do.  Ever again.
Oh, no. I understand completely. (sarcastic) In order to be successful, one  must project an image of success.  At all times.
Mom. Nobody said anything.
(getting up) I have to run next door. My  girlfriend left her geometry book  in my backpack, and she needs it to  do her homework.
(irritable) No.
Not like what?  Doesn't he have  one? (then) Jane, don't be a sap and fall for  the first guy you have sex with.   That is so stupid.
(grins) Got any papers?
Cigar box, under the bench. (laughs) Dude! Put up a fight!  You are a  total pushover.
(unnerved) Uh, sure. I guess.
(incredulous) What? Are you spying on me?
(furious) Don't you laugh at me!
(taken aback) You really mean that?
(explodes) Get out!! I don't ever want to see  you again!!
(hugs her) I wish things had been better for  you.  Take care of Dad.
(angry) Dad!  Leave us alone!
You guys can't be serious. (to Jane) You're just a kid. And he's like,  a mental case. You'll end up living  in a box on the street.
(his voice thick)
Uh... Probably off fucking that  dorky prince of real estate  asshole. And you know what? (laughs) I don't care.
(a whisper) Yes...
(hoarse) I...
(softly) Just tell me what you need.
Jane and I had a fight.  (after a beat) It was about you.
(offering his beer) Would you like a sip?
Are you kidding? I want you.  (his voice husky) I've wanted you ever since I saw  you.
Mine won't. And I always figured  I'd have to wait until I was  twenty-one. (then) We could go further than New York.   Chicago, L.A., Europe even.
(a whisper) I'm sorry.
(compassionate) Aw honey.
Want me to make you another one?
(concerned) Really?
I mean, yeah, I'm still a little  weirded but... (sincerely) ...but feel better. Thanks.
(quietly) Good for her.
(laughs) It's been a long time since  anybody asked me that. I'm... (thinks about it)  I'm great.
(suddenly) I have to go to the bathroom.
(ashen) My kitchen...
Whadaya got, whadaya got? (snooping over his shoulder) Wow--two  thousand dollars. Two thousand doll--!!
Yeah, well...Listen...(clearing his throat) I...I don't think I'm  going tomorrow.
You can't back out now! After all we went through to get  accepted. We're finally getting out of this turkey town and now  you want to crawl back into your cell--look, I gotta talk to  Laurie. (he hands the check back to Curt). Now take it. We're  leaving in the morning. Okay?
I can't...believe...it. (He starts toward the car and gently  caresses its paint.) I don't know what to say. I'll...love and
But you asked me. What's the matter? Am I too ugly? (on the verge  of tears) Judy doesn't want me with her and now you don't want me
OK, OK, just stay cool. There's no need to scream. We'll think of  something. (He looks at her as she wipes her eyes.) It shouldn't  take too long to find your sister again.
Hey, zit make-up! (laughing) Wait till I tell--hey, everybody,  Eddie--
No, not yet. (looking for matches) I have no matches.
I mean--Mr. Wolfe. Can I speak with you a minute. (She smiles at  Curt.) Hi, Curt.
Uh-huh. Milner, the reason I stopped you was because the light on  your license plate is ou. (opening his ticket book) I'm gonna  have to cite you for that. And Milner, the front end of  this...this...this thing you're driving looks a little low.
Wll, come on in--I'll let you feel it. I mean, you can touch it  if you want-- (realizing it's coming out wrong he gets nervous) I  mean the upholstery, you know.
I'm coming--wait a sec. (turning back to Curt) She's got her car.  Hey, I thought you were going away to school.
Tiger happens to be very intelligent. Unlike you. I know every  thing your dirty little mind is thinking...(She looks out the  window, down at Vic's pants)...it shows...
Hey, now--(his voice cracks) I mean, hey now, buddy, the lady  obviously doesn't--
Brew...oh--yeah...oh, sure...(she kisses him) Yes! Liquor! This  place is too crowded anyway.
What abut your double Chubby Chuck, mexicali-chili-barb and  (looking at the tray)--two cherry cokes, sir?
Jesus--watchi it, will yuh? (smiling at Al) Been hittin' me all  night. Kids will be kids, you know.
Funny...(he looks at her for a moment) Who knows, in a few years- -but not now, bunny rabbit.
That's funny (clearing his throat) Hey, you guys know Toby  Juarez? He's a Pharoah, isn't he?
This is going to take some thinking. You better come with us  maybe. (putting his arm around Curt) Go riding with the  Pharoahs...
He who smelt it, dealt it. (looking at Curt in the back) Hey,  creep, scoot down. Sitting up like that, it wrecks the lines of  the car, you know what I mean?
Oh, figures. (smiling) You must've talked his ear off trying to  get him to stay.
Over on Ramona, why? (She suddenly smiles) Oh no. Uh uh. You  thought I'd tell you where--not me, not old Carol. The night is  young and I'm not hitting the rack until I get a little action.  John sighs, wondering if he'll ever get rid of her. He looks back  at something in the rear view mirror. He speeds up and checks the  mirror again.
Hey, that's a tough lookin' girl you got with you, man. What're  you doin'? Trying to pick up a few extra bucks babysitting?  (grinning at Carol) Hey, Doll. Why don't you come on and ride  with me--in about ten years?
Ohh rats, I feel like--(he notices a car nearby and pushes  himself up) Wait a second...hey!
Look at your glasses, man. (shaking his head) Okay, Toad. We'll  take 'em all.
(Nodding)  Why are you depressed, Alvy?
(Nudging Alvy)  Tell Dr. Flicker.  (Young Alvy sits, his head down.  His  mother answers for him)
(Puffing on his cigarette and  nodding)
(His head still down)  The universe is expanding.
(Looking up at the doctor)  Well, the universe is everything, and if  it's expanding, someday it will break apart  and that would be the end of everything!
(shouting)  What is that your business?  (she turns back to the doctor)  He stopped doing his homework.
(Excited, gesturing with her hands)  What has the universe got to do with it?   You're here in Brooklyn!  Brooklyn is not  expanding!
(Heartily, looking down at Alvy)  It won't be expanding for billions of years  yet, Alvy.  And we've gotta try to enjoy  ourselves while we're here.  Uh?
Even then I knew they were just jerks.  (The camera moves back to the teacher,  who is glaring out at her students)
(Making noises)  Ugh, he kissed me, he kissed me.
(Off screen)  That's the second time this month!  Step  up here!
(First off screen, then onscreen as  classroom)
(The younger, Alvy standing next to her)  Six-year-old boys don't have girls on  their minds.
(Still sitting in the back of  the classroom)
(Gesturing)  Well, I never had a latency period.  I  can't help it.
(With young, Alvy still at her side)  Why couldn't you have been more like Donald?  (The camera pans over to Donald,  back to the teacher)
(Still standing next to the teacher)  Tell the folks where you are today, Donald.
(Checking his watch)  Right, Max, forget it.  Aren't you gonna be  late for meeting Annie?
(Nodding his head)  No. Yeah, once in a while.  You know,  like occasionally.
(Nervously)  I'm ... I'm, uh, I'm Robert Redford.
(Laughing)  Come on.
(Off screen)  What?
(Overlapping, ignoring Alvy)  This guy's on television!  Alvy Singer, right?  Am I right?
(Overlapping 1st man)  Gimme a break, will yuh, gimme a break. Jesus Christ!
(Still ignoring Alvy's protestations)  This guy's on television.
(Moving into the screen)  Who's on television?
(Annoyed)  Fellas, what is this-a meeting o' the  teamsters?  You know.. .
(Also ignoring Alvy)  What program?
(Holding out a matchbook)  Can I have your autograph?
(Overlapping, Alvy's  speech)  Yeah, I do.  It's for my girl friend.   Make it out to Ralph.
(Taking the matchbook and pen and  writing)
It's for my brudder.  (To passersby)  Alvy Singer!  Hey!  This is Alvy-
(To Alvy, overlapping 1st man's speech)  You really Alvy Singer, the ... the  TV star?
(Overlapping the two men and  stuttering)
(Overlapping Alvy)  Alright, alright, I'm in a bad mood, okay?
Okay.  (They move into the ticket line,  TO FACE ,'LIV ULLMANN")
(Gesturing)  A li-little louder.  I think one of them  may have missed it!  (To the ticket clerk)  H'm, has the picture started yet?
(Hitting his hand on the counter)  That's it!  Forget it!  I-I can't go in.
(Overlapping Annie) No, I'm sorry, I can't do it.  We-we've  blown it already. I-you know, uh, I-I  can't go in in the middle.
In the middle?  (Alvy nods his head yes and let's out an exasperated sigh)
(Waving to Annie)  Go ahead.  Good-bye.
(Watching people with tickets move  past them)
I don't know now.  You-you wanna go to  another movie?  (Annie nods her head and shrugs  her)
(Laughing now)  H'h, that's a polite word for what you are.
(Overlapping the man's speech)  I'm-I'm-I'm gonna have a stroke.
(Reading)  Well, stop listening to him.
(Overlapping Alvy and Annie)  You know, it must need to have had its  leading from one thought to another.   You know what I'm talking about?
(Sighing)  He's screaming his opinions in my ear.
(Overlapping)  Key word here is "indulgent."
(Overlapping)  -without getting ... well, let's put it  this way ...
(To Annie, who is still reading,  still talking)
(Gasping)  You know what a hostile gesture that is  to me?
(To Annie)  I'd like to hit this guy on a gut level.
(Wringing his hands)  Well, he's spitting on my neck!  You know,  he's spitting on my neck when he talks.
(Lighting a cigarette while he talks)  Gal gun-shy is what it is.
(Reacting again to the man in line)  Probably on their first date, right?
(Still going on)  It's a narrow view.
Probably met by answering an ad in the  New York Review of Books.  "Thirtyish  academic wishes to meet woman who's  interested in Mozart, James Joyce and  sodomy."  (He sighs; then to Annie)  Whatta you mean, our sexual problem?
(Even louder now)  It's the influence of television.  Yeah,  now Marshall McLuhan deals with it in terms  of it being a-a high, uh, high intensity,  you understand?  A hot medium ... as opposed  to a ...
(More and more aggravated)  What I wouldn't give for a large sock o'  horse manure.
(Sighing and addressing the audience)  What do you do when you get stuck in a movie  line with a guy like this behind you?  I mean,  it's just maddening!
(Overlapping)  Wait a minute!  Really?  Really?  I happen to  teach a class at Columbia called "TV Media  and Culture"!  So I think that my insights  into Mr. McLuhan-well, have a great deal of  validity.
(To McLuban)  Tell him.
(To the man in line)  I hear-I heard what you were saying.   You-you know nothing of my work.  You  mean my whole fallacy is wrong.  How you  ever got to teach a course in anything is  totally amazing.
(To the camera)  Boy, if life were only like this!
(Over credits and soldiers)  June fourteenth, nineteen forty, the  German army occupies Paris.  All over  the country, people are desperate for  every available scrap of news.
M'm, I don't know, sometimes I ask myself  how I'd stand up under torture.
(Off screen)  You?  You kiddin'?  (He moves into the frame, lying across  face)
(Overlapping Annie, reacting)  What-what-I don't ... It's not natural!   We're sleeping in a bed together.  You  know, it's been a long time.
(Overlapping Annie again)  It's always some kind of an excuse.  It's-  You know, you used to think that I was  very sexy.  What ... When we first started  going out, we had sex constantly ... We're- we're probably listed in the Guinness Book  of World Records.
(Patting Alvy's band solicitously)  I know.  Well, Alvy, it'll pass, it'll  pass, it's just that I'm going through a  phase, that's all.
Oh, thank you.
(Coughing)  Excuse ... excuse me, when do I go on?
(Looking down at the clipboard)  Who are you?
(Rubbing his hands together  nervously)
(Laughing)  Uh ... I mean you're on right after  this act.
(Gesturing)  No, it can't be, because he's a comic.
No, because they're-they're laughing, so  (He starts laughing nervously)  I-I-I'd rather not.  If you don't mind,  I prefer-
(Overlapping)  Will you relax, please?  They're gonna  love you, I know.
(Overlapping)  I prefer not to, because ... look,  they're laughing at him.  See, so what  are yuh telling me-
(Overlapping)  Yes.
(Overlapping)  -that I've got to ... ah ... ah ...  They're gonna laugh at him for a couple  minutes, then I gotta go out there, I  gotta ... get laughs, too.  How much can  they laugh?  (Off screen)  They-they they're laughed out.
(Off screen)  Do you feel all right?
(Off screen, onstage)  You know ...
(Above the chatter around him)  Look, what's your-what's your name?
(Off screen)   ... General Eisenhower is not ...
(Looking out at the stage)  Allison.
(Still looking off screen)  Portchnik.
(Coughing)  Thank you. I-I don't know why they would  have me at this kind of rally 'cause ...  (He clears his throat)  Excuse me, I'm not essentially a political  comedian at all.
I'll tell you this!  He was not marksman  enough to hit a moving target at that  range.  But ...  (Clears his throat)  if there was a second assassin ... it-  That's it!
(Moving back to the bed and  lighting a cigarette)
(Moving toward the bed)  Hey ... honey, I don't know Earl Warren.
(Propping one knee on the bed  and gesturing)
(Nodding his head)  Tsch.
Oh, my God!  (Then, to the camera)  She's right!  Why did I turn off Allison  Portchnik?  She was-she was beautiful.  She  was willing.  She was real ... intelligent.  (Sighing)  Is it the old Groucho Marx joke?  That-that  I-I just don't wanna belong to any club that  would have someone like me for a member?
(Hysterically)  Oooh!  Here!  Here!
(Pointing)  Look!  Look, one crawled behind the  refrigerator.  It'll turn up in our bed  at night.  (They move over to the refrigerator;  dangles a lobster in front of him)
(Laughing, to the lobster)  Get him!
(Laughing)  Talk to him.  You speak shellfish!  (He moves over to the stove and  filled with boiling water)
(Laughing)  I can't!  I can't put him in the pot.  I  can't put a live thing in hot water.
(Overlapping)  Gimme!  Gimme!  Let me do it!  What-what's  he think we're gonna do, take him to the  movies?
(Overlapping Alvy and making sounds)  Oh, God!  Here yuh go!  Oh, good, now  he'll think-  (She screams)  Aaaah!  Okay.
(Overlapping Annie)  Okay, it's in.  It's definitely in the pot!
(Overlapping)  Yeah.  I'm gonna get my ... I'm gonna  get my camera.
Great!  Great!  (Screaming)  Goddammit!  (Screaming)  Ooooh!  These are ... p-p-p-pick this  lobster up.  Hold it, please!
(Picking up the lobster Annie  placed on the counter earlier)
Don't be a jerk.  One more, Alvy, please,  one more picture.  (Reluctantly Alvy picks up the  another picture)
Oh ... no, no, no, no, uh, uh.  No.
Oh, God, you should've seen what I looked  like then.
(Off screen, laughing)  Oh, I can imagine.  P-p-probably the  wife of an astronaut.
I look pretty.
(Laughing)  Is he kidding with that crap?
(Laughing)  Oh, right.  Right, yeah, I think I  know exactly what you mean, when you  say "religious."
(Incredulous, to Annie)  You do?
(Still watching)  Oh, come on-I mean, I was still younger.
(Laughing)  Oh, really?  Well, la-de-da!
There's Henry Drucker.  He has a chair  in history at Princeton.  Oh, the short  man is Hershel Kaminsky.  He has a chair  in philosophy at Cornell.
(Sighing)  'Cause I wanna watch the Knicks on  television.
(Squinting)  Is that Paul Goodman?  No. And be nice  to the host because he's publishing my  book.  Hi, Doug!  Douglas Wyatt.   "A Foul-Rag-and-Bone Shop-of-the-Heart."
(Taking Robin's hand)  I'm so tired of spending evenings making  fake insights with people who work for  Dysentery.
Here you are.  There's people out there.
Hey, you wouldn't believe this.  Two  minutes ago, the Knicks are ahead fourteen  points, and now ...  (Clears his throat)  they're ahead two points.
(Looking at Robin)  What's fascinating is that it's physical.   You know, it's one thing about intellectuals,  they prove that you can be absolutely brilliant  and have no idea what's going on.  But on the  other hand ...  (Clears his throat)  the body doesn't lie, as-as we now know.
'Why-why do you always r-reduce my  animal urges to psychoanalytic categories?'  (Clears his throat)  he said as he removed her brassiere...
(Pulling away again)  There are people out there from The New  Yorker magazine.  My God!  What would they  think?
(Gesturing)  Jesus, last night it was some guy honking  his car horn.  I mean, the city can't  close down.  You know, what-whatta yuh  gonna do, h-have 'em shut down the  airport, too?  No more flights so we can  have sex?
(Reaching over for her eyeglasses  on the night table)
(Interrupting)  Okay, okay, my analyst just thinks I'm  too tense.  Where's the goddamn Valium?
You know Alvy?
(To Rob)  How are yuh?
(To Alvy)  You know Annie?
(Laughing)  Alvy.
(Eager to begin)  Who's playing who here?  Alvy Well, uh ...  you and me against them?
(Overlapping Alvy)  Well ... so ... I can't play too good,  you know.
(Laughing)  I've had four lessons!
(Hitting the halt back)  Holy gods!
(Looking over his shoulder)  Hi.  Oh, hi.  Hi.
(Hands clasped in front of her,  smiling)
(Clearing his throat)  You-you play ... very well.
Oh, yeah?  So do you.  Oh, God, whatta- (Making sounds and laughing)  whatta dumb thing to say, right?  I mean,  you say it, "You play well," and right  away ... I have to say well.  Oh, oh ...  God, Annie.  (She gestures with her hand)  Well ... oh, well ... la-de-da, la-de-da,  la-la.
(Still looking over his shoulder)  Uh ... you-you wanna lift?
(Turning and aiming her thumb over  her shoulder)
(Laughing)  Oh, no, I have a car.
You have a car?  (Annie smiles, hands folded in  front of her)
I don't ...  (Laughing)  I don't ... Geez, I don't know, I've ...  I wa- This ... yeah, I got this VW out  there ...  (Laughing and gesturing toward  the door)
(Zipping up his bag)  Sure.  W-w-w-which way yuh goin'?
(Laughing)  Oh, well, I'm goin' uptown, too.
(Laughing)  So sorry.
(Laughing)  I mean, I can go uptown, too.  I live  uptown, but ... uh, what the hell, I mean,  it'd be nice having company, you know  I mean, I hate driving alone.
(Making sounds)  Yeah.
(Laughing)  Oh, I'm in her acting class.
Right!  (A pause)  Where?
(Finally reacting)  Uh, you're driving a-
Uh, don't worry, I'm a very-  (A car moves closer to the VW,  the very last minute)
(A bit rapidly)    Huh?
You keep it nice.  (He pulls a half-eaten sandwich  out of her bag)
(Laughing)  Yeah, thanks.  Thanks a lot.  Well...
(Sighing)  Well, thanks, thank you.  You-you're  a wonderful tennis player.
(Laughing)  Oh.
(Laughing)  Yeah.
(Laughing and nodding her head)  Yeah, my grammy.
(Laughing)  Yeah, I know.
(Laughing)  Well ...
(Overlapping, gesturing)  Hey, well, listen ... hey, you wanna come upstairs and, uh ... and have a  glass of wine and something?  Aw, no,  I mean ... I mean, you don't have to,  you're probably late and everything else ...
(Overlapping)  No, I got time.
Uh, I hate to tell yuh, this is nineteen  seventy-five, you know that "neat" went  out, I would say, at the turn of the  century.  (Annie laughs)  Who-who are-who are those photos on  the wall?
(Moving over to the photographs)  Oh ... oh, well, you see now now, uh,  that's my dad, that's Father-and that's  my ... brother, Duane.
(Pointing)  Yeah, right, Duane-and over there is  Grammy Hall, and that's Sadie.
Sadie?  Oh, well, Sadie...  (Laughing)  Sadie met Grammy through, uh, through  Grammy's brother George.  Uh, George was  real sweet, you know, he had that thing.   What is that thing where you, uh, where  you, uh, fall asleep in the middle of a  sentence, you know-what is it?  Uh ...
Narcolepsy, right, right.  Right.  So,  anyway, so ...  (Laughing)  George, uh, went to the union, see, to  get his free turkey, be-because, uh, the  union always gave George this big turkey  at Christmas time because he was ...  (Annie points her fingers to each  was a little crazy)
(Laughing)  Oh, really?  Oh, well ... uh, uh, maybe,  uh, maybe, we, uh ...
(Laughing)  Why not?
(Laughing)  Oh, I see, I see.
(Sipping her wine and laughing)  Fifteen years, huh?
(Laughing)  Well, uh ...  (Pausing)  You're what Grammy Hall would call a  real Jew.
(Clearing his throat)  Oh, thank you.
(Smiling)  Yeah, well ... you-She hates Jews.  She  thinks that they just make money, but let  me tell yuh, I mean, she's the one yeah,  is she ever.  I'm tellin' yuh.
(pointing toward the apartment  after a short pause)
(Nodding, her hand on her hip)  Yeah, yeah, I sorta dabble around, you know.
Me?  Oh, uh.      (Laughing)  No.
(Putting his band on his forehead)  Oh, I'm sorry, wait a minute, I have  something.  Well, what about Saturday  night?
(Nodding)  Oh ... nothing.  Not-no, no!
(Laughing)  I know.
(Overlapping)  -what I mean?
(Interrupting)  But I'm thinking about getting some  cats, you know, and then they ... Oh,  wait a second-oh, no, no, I mean  (Laughing)  oh, shoot!  No, Saturday night I'm  gonna- (Laughing)  gonna sing.  Yeah.
You're gonna sing?  Do you sing?  Well,  no, it isn't (Overlapping)  No kidding?  (Overlapping)  -this is my first time.  Oh, really?  Where?   I'd like to come.  (Laughing)  Oh, no, no, no, no, no!  No, I'm interested!
(Laughing)  Oh, no-I mean, I'm just a-auditioning  sort of at club.  I don't-
(Overlapping)  No, so help me.
(Overlapping)  -it's my first time.
(Interrupting)  Yeah.
(Overlapping)  -you're gonna like night clubs, they're  really a lotta fun.
(Overlapping)  Yeah, you know something?  I never even  took a lesson, either.
(To the waiter)  Yeah ... oh, uh, and I'm gonna have a  pastrami on white bread with, uh,  mayonnaise and tomatoes and lettuce.  (Alvy involuntarily makes a face  as the waiter leaves)
There goes another novel.  (They laugh)  Jesus, you were great.
No.  (She turns and looks at Alvy,  then laughs)
(Lighting a joint and laughing)  You're really nuts.  I don't know, you  really thought it was good?  Tell me.
(Overlapping)  No.
(Laughing)  Here, you want some?
-tried to take my pants off over my  head ...  (Annie laughs) ...  my ear.
M'hm.  (He pushes himself up from the  bed and looks down at Annie)
(Looking at the books Alvy  is bolding)
(Overlapping)  Yeah?
(Gesturing)  I've a very pessimistic view of life.   You should know this about me if we're  gonna go out, you know. I-I-I feel that  life is-is divided up into the horrible  and the miserable.
There's-there's-there's-there's Mr.  When-in-the-Pink, Mr. Miami Beach, there,  you know?  (Over Annie's laughter)  He's the latest! just came back from  the gin-rummy farm last night. He  placed third.
(Laughing)  M'hm.  Yeah.  Yeah.
(Watching two men approach, one  lighting a cigar)
(Laughing)  Oh, yeah.
No, I'm serious.  (Over Annie's laughter)  I just got my mustache wet.
(As another man walks by)  And there's the winner of the Truman  Capote look-alike contest.
Come on.  (Laughing)  Yeah.  You know what?  You know, I  like you, I really mean it.  I really do  like you.
Well, I certainly ... I think that's  very- Yeah, yeah ...  (Laughing)  yeah.  Do you love me?
(Putting his arms around her neck)  Don't you think I do?
(Putting down the carton)  Of course.
(Picking up the suitcases and  walking into the bedroom)
(Picking up some pictures and  following Annie into the bedroom)
I guess you think that I talked you into  something, huh? (putting pictures on the mantel)
(Looking up at Alvy)  How is it any different?
(Gesturing)  It's different 'cause you keep your own  apartment.  (Holding a book, he starts walking  around the room)
(Still sitting on the bed)  That little apartment is four hundred  dollars a month, Alvy.
(Looking at Annie)  That place is four hundred dollars a month?
(Whistling)  It's-it's got bad plumbing and bugs.  Jesus,  I'll-My accountant will write it off as a  tax deduction, I'll pay for it.
(Shaking her head)  You don't think I'm smart enough to be  serious about.
(Putting his hand to his forehead)  'Cause adult education's a wonderful thing.   You meet a lotta interesting professors.   You know, it's stimulating.
Just don't take any course where they  make you read Beowulf.
What?  (Laughing)  Hey, listen, what-what do you think?  Do  you think we should, uh, go to that-that  party in Southampton tonight?
No, don't be silly.  What-what do we need  other people for?  (He puts his arms around her neck,  sounds)
(Laughing)  Well, okay.  Well, listen, I'm gonna get  a cigarette, okay?
(Yelling out to her as she leaves  the room)
(Off screen)  Well, have you ever made love high?
(Moving back into the room and  lighting a joint)
(Closing the door)  Well, what's the difference, anyway?
Oh, come on, look who's talking.  You've  been seeing a psychiatrist for fifteen years.  (She gets into bed and takes a  puff of marijuana)
(Kissing her)  No, no, no, what ... You can once, you  can live without it once.  Come on.
Oh, no, Alvy, please. Alvy, please. (Laughing and making sounds)  M'mrnm.
M'm, wait, I got a great idea.  (He gets up and goes over to the  out the lamp on the night table)
(Kissing and caressing Annie)  Is it my imagination or are you just  going through the motions?
(Reacting)  You see, that's what I call removed.
(Sighing)  Well, I need grass and so do you.
Well, it ruins it for me if you have grass  (Clearing his throat) because, you know, I'm, like, a comedian-
(Overlapping)  M'hm.
(Overlapping)  -so if I get a laugh from a person who's  high, it doesn't count.  You know-'cause  they're always laughin'.
(Buttoning his jacket)  Yeah, yeah.  Hey, kid, he tells me you're  really good.  Well, lemme explain a little  bit o' how I work.  You know, you can tell  right off the bat that I don't look like  a funny guy when I come-you know, like some  o' the guys that come out.  You know, right  away  (Gesturing)  they're gonna tell yuh their stories, you're  gonna fall down, but I gotta be really  talented.  Material's gotta be sensational  for me 'cause I work, you know, with very,  very ... Come on, I'm kinda classy, you  know what I mean?  Uh ... uh ... lemme  explain.  For instance, I open with an  opening song.  A musical start like  (Ad-lib singing)  and I walk out  (Ad-lib singing)   "Place looks wonderful from here and  you folks look wonderful from here!  (Singing) "And seein' you there With a smile on your face Makes me shout This must be the place." Then I stop right in the middle and then  I open with some jokes.  Now, that's where  I need you, right there.  For instance, like  I say, "Hey, I just got back from Canada,  you know, they speak a lotta French up  there.  The only way to remember Jeanne  d'Arc means the light's out in the bathroom!"  (He laughs.  Seated Alvy looks  up smiling)
(To himself)  Jesus, this guy's pathetic.
(Overlapping above speech)  ... big lumberjack ...
(To himself while the comic  continues his routine)
(Overlapping above speech)  "'Cherie, come back.  I love you.  (Shaking his lips and mimicking)  But, uh, Cheri, what will I do with this,  uh?' He says, 'Aw, Marie, sometime you  make me so mad."'  (Laughing)  Oh, they scream at that.  Now, write me  somethin' like that, will yuh?  Kinda  French number, can yuh do it?  Huh, kid?
(Interrupting)  May I have your autograph?
(Over lapping above speech)  Oh.
(To Annie, while autographing)  You're so sure about it.
Yeah, I know, they'll hate me immediately.  (To one of his fans)  Thank you.
(Smiling at Duane)  Oh, yeah.  Grammy always does such  a good job.
(Chewing)  A great sauce.
It is.  (Smacking his lips)  It's dynamite ham.
(To Dad Hall, smoothing her hair)  We went over to the swap meet.  Annie,  Gram and I. Got some nice picture frames.
(Lighting a cigarette and turning  to Alvy)
(Setting down his glass and coughing)  Yes.  I'm making excellent progress.   Pretty soon when I lie down on his couch,  I won't have to wear the lobster bib.
Yeah.  (Laughing)  Randolph Hunt was drunk, as usual.
(To the audience)  I can't believe this family.  (Making chewing sounds)  Annie's mother.  She really's beautiful.   And they're talkin' swap meets and boat  basins, and the old lady at the end of  the table  (Pointing to Grammy)  is a classic Jew hater.  And, uh, they,  they realty look American, you know,  very healthy and ... like they never  get sick or anything.  Nothing like my  family.  You know, the two are like oil  and water.
(Walking in)  Oh, hi, Duane, how's it goin'?
(Looking around)  Oh, yeah?  (He clears his throat)  Terrific.
(Reacting and clearing his throat)  Right.  Tsch, well, I have to-I have  t-o go now, Duane, because I-I'm due  back on the planet earth.
(Off screen)  I didn't follow you!
(Gasping)  Following is different.  I was spying.
(Stopping for a moment)  Oh, well, now we're finally getting to  a subject you know something about!
(Catching up to her)  Hey, don't knock masturbation!  It's  sex with someone I love.
(Continuing to walk quickly)  We're not having an affair.  He's married.   He just happens to think I'm neat.
(Still walking next to her)  "Neat"!  There's that- What are you-twelve  years old?  That's one o' your Chippewa  Falls expressions!  "He thinks I'm neat."
(Calling after him)  Alvy!  Alvy!  You're the one who never  wanted to make a real commitment.  You  don't think I'm smart enough!  We had  that argument just last month, or don't  ou remember that day?
(Turning)  Oh, yeah?  How'd it go?
(Comes into the kitchen and puts  kitchen table)
(Taking groceries from the bag)  Yeah.
(Taking a bottle of juice and  some celery from the bag)
(Pointing her finger at Alvy)  She said, your name was Alvy Singer.
(Turning to Annie)  Whatta you mean?  Me?
(Putting his band to his mouth)  Sinatra had gl- You never said Sinatra  had glasses.  So whatta you saying that  I-I'm suffocating you?
(Turning, ajar in her hand)  Oh, and God, Alvy, I did ... this really  terrible thing to him.  Because then when  he sang it was in this real high-pitched  voice.
(Thinking)  Tsch, what'd the doctor say?
(Putting away some groceries) Well, she said that I should probably  come five times a week.  And you know  something?  I don't think I mind analysis  at all.  The only question is, Will it  change my wife?
No, I didn't.  (Laughing)  I said, "Will it change my life," Alvy.
(Yelling out, angry)  Life.  I said, "life."
(To the audience)  She said, "Will it change my wife." You  heard that because you were there so I'm  not crazy.
(To Annie's back, gesturing)  Why do you always bring that up?  Because  I encourage you to take adult-education  courses?  I think it's a wonderful thing.   You meet wonderful, interesting professors'.
(Interrupting)  David!  David!  I can't believe this!
(Interrupting)  I just think we oughta call this  relationship quits!
That's fine.  That's fine.  That's great!  (He turns toward the camera as the  cab drives away)
Yeah.
I think there are more people here to  see the Maharishi than there were to see  the Dylan concert.  I covered the Dylan  concert ... which gave me chills.   Especially when he sang "She takes just  like a woman And she makes love just  like a woman Yes, she does And she aches  just like a woman But she breaks just  like a little girl."  (They move toward the aisles as  them)
(Laughing)  Man, that's great.  That's just great.
(Coughing)  Me?  No, no. I-I couldn't make it that  ni- My-my raccoon had hepatitis.
(Gesturing)  Tsch, a few.
I can't get with any religion that  advertises in Popular Mechanics.  Look-  (The Maharisbi, a small, chunky  policemen bold back the crowds)
(Sighing)  Oh, no, no, don't be ... tsch ... don't  be silly.  You know,  (Yawning)  I'm startin' it-I'm startin' to get some  feeling back in my jaw now.
(Making sounds)  I think-I think there's too much burden  placed on the orgasm, you know, to make  up for empty areas in life.
(Rubbing his chin and shoulder)  Uh, oh, I don't know.  It might have  been Leopold and Loeb.  (The telephone rings.  Alvy picks  bed, concerned, as he talks)
(Opening the door)  Oh.
Are you okay?  What's the matter?  (They look at each other, Annie  sighing)
(Reacting)  What?
(Interrupting, sighing)  Oooh.
(Shaking her head)  No.
(Sighing)  I told you a thousand times you should  always keep, uh, a lotta insect spray.   You never know who's gonna crawl over.
(Following him)  I know, I know, and a first-aid kit and  a fire extinguisher.
Jesus.  All right, gimme a magazine.   I- 'cause I'm a little tired.  (While Annie goes of to find  book on a cabinet and picks it up.)
(Thumbing through the book)  Oh, humdinger.  When- Well, I got a  wonderful idea.  Why don'tcha get the  guy who took you to the rock concert,  we'll call him and he can come over and  kill the spider.  You know, it's a-
(Looking down at the magazine)  What is this?  What are you, since  when do you read the "National Review"?   What are you turning in to?
(Turning to a nearby chair for  some gum in her pocketbook)
(Spinning around to face him)  Alvy, you're a little hostile, you  know that?  Not only that, you look  thin and tired.
(Sitting down on a chair arm  and looking up at Alvy)
(Touching his chest with her hand)  I got the good chocolate, Alvy.
(Rising from chair)  Hey, don't squish it, and after it's  dead, flush it down the toilet, okay?  And flush it a couple o' times.
(Moving down the hallway to  the bathroom)
(Upset, hands on her neck)  Oh.  What?
(Coming back into the living room)  Very big spider.
(Opening a closet door)  Yep.  I didn't think it was that big,  but it's a major spider.  You got a  broom or something with a-
(Overlapping)  -snow shovel or anything or something.
(Overlapping)  I think I left it there, I'm sorry.
(Holding the racquet)  Okay, let me have this.
(Off screen)  It's for my complexion.
Whatta-whatta yuh joining a minstrel show?   Geez.  (Alvy turns and starts swapping  down articles and breaking glass)
(Sobbing and taking Alvy's arm)  Oh, don't go, okay?  Please.
(Sitting down next to her)  Whatta you mean, don't go?  Whatta-whatta -what's the matter?  Whatta you expecting -termites?  What's the matter?
(Sobbing)  Oh, uh, I don't know.  I miss you.  Tsch.
(Leaning on his shoulder)  Oh, yeah.  Oh.  (They kiss)  Oh!  Alvy?
(Snickering)  You know I think that if you let me, maybe  I could help you have more fun, you know?   I mean, I know it's hard and ... Yeah.
(Interrupting)  Hey, can yuh watch the road?  Watch the --
(Overlapping)  Yeah, watch the road!
(Laughing)  Hey, you know, I never even visited  Brooklyn before.
Yes, I remember.  (Annie laughs)  He was all schoolyard.  They threw him  a football once, he tried to dribble it.
(Laughing)  Holy cow!
(Yelling into the scene)  You're both crazy!
(Pointing)  Hey, Max!  Who's that?
(Pointing)  Look, look, there's-there's that one  over there, that's Joey Nichols, he  was my-  (Young Alvy stands next to Joey  around)
Joey Nichols.  (Laughing)  See.  Nichols.  See, Nichols!  (Joey shows young Alvy his cuff  his forehead)
(Turning away)  What an asshole!
(Pointing, to Rob)  Do you believe that, Max?  Tessie  Moskowitz had the personality.  She's  the life of the ghetto, no doubt.
(To the young girl)  She was once a great beauty.
(Addressing the young girl)  I was a great beauty.
(Grabbing the young girl's cheek)  I was very charming.
(To the young girl)  Oh, I was quite a lively dancer.
(Laughing)  That's pretty hard to believe.
(Laughing)  Oh, darn it.
Happy birthday.
What is this? Is this a...Present? (Laughing) Are you kidding?
(Looking up at Alvy and laughing)  Uh huh.  Yeah.  Forget it.
(Opening the gift)  What... huh?
Oh, yeah?  What is this, anyway? (continuing)  Let me see.  Okay, let's... oooh, God!  (She takes out a watch from the box)  Oh, you knew I wanted this ...  (Laughing)  God, it's terrific, God!
(Making sounds)  Yeah, I know.  Just-just put on the  watch, and-and ... that thing, and  we'll just ...
(Laughing)  Oh!  My God!  (Making sounds) Alvy kisses Annie.
(Reacting)  You were-you were sensational.  I mean,  I-you know, I-I told yuh that if yuh stuck  to it, you would be great, and-and, you  know, I-I-you-you were sensational.
(Looking at Alvy, smiling)  Yeah, well, we have the, I mean, they were  just a terrific audience, I mean, you know,  it makes it really easy for me, because I  can be ... huh?
(Laughing)  Oh, yeah, really, oh!
(Laughing)  No, no, no, not at all.
(Looking for the first time at Alvy)  Well, hey, that's, that's nice.  Uh.  Oh, listen, this is, uh, Alvy Singer.   Do you know Alvy?  Uh ... and ... uh ...  Tony Lacey.
(Turning to introduce his entourage)  This is, uh, Shawn, and, uh ... Bob and  Petronia.
(Laughing)  Hi, hi, Bob ...
(Fingers to his mouth, reacting)  Remember, we had that thing.
(Staring at Annie and clearing  his throat)
(Overlapping)  Thing?
(Overlapping)  -yes, we had, uh ...
(Looking at Alvy, reacting)  Oh, the thing!  Oh, the thing ...  (Laughing)  ... yeah ... yeah.
(Reacting)  Oh.
(Smiling)  I really enjoyed it.  (Looking at Alvy)  Nice to have metcha.  Good night.
(Reacting)  What's ... you ... well, what's the  matter, You w-wanna go to that party?
(Looking down at her hands,  then up at Alvy)
(Sighing)  I'm just not ... you know, I don't think  I could take a mellow eve- 'cause I-I  don't respond well to mellow, you know  what I mean, I-I have a tendency to ...  if I get too mellow, I-I ripen and then  rot.  You know, and it's-it's not good  for my ...  (Making sounds)
(To his doctor)  Well, we never have any laughs anymore,  is the problem.
(Simultaneously, with Annie)  You know ... it's getting expensive ...my analyst ... for her analyst.  She- she's making progress and I'm not making  any progress.  Her progress is defeating  my progress.
(Simultaneously, with Alvy)  Sometimes I think-sometimes I think I  should just live with a woman.
(Counting on his fingers)  How can you say that?  I mean,  (Making sounds)  who said I-I-I-I said that you, I and that  girl from your acting class should sleep  together in a threesome.
(Reacting)  That's sick!
Just come on, Alvy.  (All four are now sitting on the  reacting)
(Moving forward on the couch)  Oh, I'm sure it's a lot of fun, 'cause  the Incas did it, you know, and-and  they-they-they were a million laughs.
(Laughing)  Alvy, come on, for your own experience.   I mean, you wanna write, why not?
(Interrupting)  No, no, no that's not it at all.  Alvy's  giving an award on television.  Gee, he  talks like he's violating a moral issue  sitting here.
(Interrupting)  Alvy, listen, while you're in California,  could you possibly score some coke for me?
(Over Annie's laughter)  Sure, sure, I'll be glad to. I-I'll just  put it in a-a-a h-h-hollow heel that I  have in my boot, you know.  (Alvy picks up the small open  looks at it, reacting)
(Singing)  We wish you a Merry Christmas, We wish you a Merry Christmas,  We wish you a Merry Christmas,  And a -Happy New Year.
(Over the singing)  I've never been so relaxed as I have  been since I moved out here, Max.  I  want you to see my house.  I live  right next to Hugh Hefner's house, Max.   He lets me use the Jacuzzi.  And the  women, Max, they're like the women in  Playboy magazine, only they can move  their arms and legs.
(Laughing)  You know, I can't get over that this is  really Beverly Hills.
(Singing)  We wish you a Merry Christmas, And a Happy New Year.
(Singing over the dialogue) Oh, Christmas ... tree, Oh, Christmas tree, How bright and green Our ...
(Singing)  Oh Christmas tree, Oh Christmas tree ...
(Singing, louder now) Remember Christ our Savior Was born on Christmas day To save us all ... from Satan's power As we were gone astray.
Look, now, Charlie, give me a big  laugh here.
(Turning to the technician)  Give me a tremendous laugh here, Charlie.
(To Alvy)  We do the show live in front of an  audience.
(Removing his glasses and  rubbing his face)
(Overlapping the TV)  Oh, Max, I don't feel well.
I don't know, I just got-I got very dizzy...  (Coughing)  I feel dizzy, Max.
(Sitting down)  Oh, Jesus.
(Crouching before Alvy, looking  at him)
(Holding out the food)  Why don't you just try to get a little  of this down?  This is just plain chicken.
(Taking a piece of chicken and  holding it)
(On the phone, overlapping the  doctor and Alvy)
(Sitting on the edge of the bed)  Excuse me.  I'm sorry, I'm sorry, Doctor.   Uh, Alvy-Alvy, that was the show.  They  said everything is fine.  They found a  replacement, so they're going to tape  without you.
(Making sounds)  I'm nauseous. (He sighs and gasps) Oh, jesus, now I don't get to do the  TV show?
(Grabbing the rest of the chicken  from the plate)
(Handing the salt to Alvy)  Yes, excuse me.  (To Annie)  Perhaps it would be even better if we  took him to the hospital for a day or two.
(Making sounds, gasping)  This is not bad, actually.
(Interrupting)  How do you like this couple, Max?
Yeah, intensive care ward.  (Watching the woman in white)  My God-hey, Max, I think she's ... I  think she's giving me the eye.
(Reacting)  EST?  No, no, I was never to est.
(Laughing)  No, no, I came out here to get some  shock therapy, but there was an energy  crisis, so I ... He's my-my food taster.   Have you two met?
(Shaking his head)  Hi.  How do you do.
(Laughing)  Oh yeah, stay here?  U-huh.
(Laughing)  I don't know.  I don't know.
(Laughing)  Yeah.
(In unison)  Oh, yeah?
Oh, good.  Okay.
(Taking Alvy's arm)  It's wonderful. I mean, you know they  just watch movies all day.
(To himself)  Lotta beautiful women.  It was fun  to flirt.
(As she sips coffee)  I have to face facts. I-I adore Alvy,  but our relationship doesn't seem to  work anymore.
(An open magazine lies in  his lap)
(Looking back at Alvy)  Alvy, uh, let's face it.  You know  something, don't think our relationship  is working.
Tsch, I know.  A relationship, I think,  is-is like a shark, you know?  It has  to constantly move forward or it dies.  (He sighs)  And I think what we got on our hands  (Clearing his throat)  is a dead shark.
(Walking into the room with an  armload of books)
(Reacting)  Oh, it sure has ... You know, you wrote  your name in all my books, 'cause you  knew this day was gonna come.
(Putting down the books and  flipping back her hair)
(Riffling through the books)  There's no-no question in my mind.  I  think we're doing the mature thing,  without any doubt.
(Holding a framed picture and  moving about)
(Looking down at a book)  This "Denial of Death".  You remember this?
(Patting Alvy's shoulder)  Oh, no, no, no, no, no.  I mean, you  know, no, no, no, I mean, I think it's  really important for us to explore new  relationships and stuff like that.
(Off screen)  Yeah, my analyst thinks this move is  keen for me.
(Off screen)   Yeah, and I-I tru-  you know, I trust  her, because my-my analyst recommended  her.
(Walking in with another  armload of books)
(Holding a small box of buttons)  We can always come back together again.   Because there's no-there's no problem.   'Cause ... Right.
(Overlapping)  Exactly, but ... exactly.  Ooooh!
(Taking a button from a box)  Hey, this one's mine, this button. This one, you rem-
(Interrupting)  Yeah.
Yeah, jealous. A little bit like Medea.  Lemme, lemme-can I show you something,  lady?  (He takes a small item from his  pocket to show the woman)
(Smoking)  What are you making such a big deal about?  (As she talks, the lobster drops  the tray toward the lobster)
(Looking up in stooped-over  position)
(Still leaning against the sink,  her hand on her hip)
(Puzzled)  Whatta you mean?
(Mocking)  Mean?
Well, where-wherever you wanna meet, I  don't care.  I'll-I'll drive in.  I  rented a car I'm driving ... that ...  Whatta you mean?  What-why is that such  a miracle?  I'm driving myself --
Hi.
Oh, no, I just lost a little weight,  that's all.  (Alvy adjusts his glasses, not  a bit uneasy)
(Nodding his head)  You see, I-I've been thinking about it  and I think that we should get married.
(Adjusting her sunglasses)  Oh, Alvy, come on.
(Looking around)  Well, whatta you mean?  I mean, it's  perfectly fine out here.  I mean, Tony's  very nice and, uh, well, I meet people  and I go to parties and-and we play tennis.   I mean, that's ... that's a very big step  for me, you know?  I mean ...  (Reacting, Alvy looks down at  his hands, then up)
(Sadly)  So whatta you ... You're not gonna come  back to New York?
(Smiling)  What's so great about New York?  I mean,  it's a dying city.  You read "Death in  Venice."
That's right, that's right.  (Still smiling)  You only gave me books with the word  "death" in the titles.
(Nodding his head and gesturing)  That's right, 'cause it's an important  issue.
(Toying with his car keys)  I can't enjoy anything unless I ... unless  everybody is.  I-you know, if one guy is  starving someplace, that's ... you know,  I-I ... it puts a crimp in my evening.  (Looking down at his hands, sadly)  So wanna get married or what?
(Seriously)  No. We're friends.  I wanna remain friends.
(In disbelief)  Okay.  (Louder, to the waitress)  Check, please.  Can I -can I ...  Can I ... Can I ...
(Interrupting)  You're mad, aren't you?
(Shaking his head)  No.  (Then nodding)  Yes, of course I'm mad, because you  love me, I know that.
Alvy, I can't say that that's true at  this point in my life.  I really just  can't say that that's true.  I mean,  you know how wonderful you are.  I  mean, you know ... you're the reason  that I got outta my room and that I  was able to sing, and-and-and, you know,  get more in touch with my feelings and  all that crap.  Anyway, look, I don't  wanna- Listen, listen, listen, uh  (Laughing)  h'h, so whatta you up to anyway, huh?
(Shrugging his shoulders)  The usual, you know. Uh, tryin't'write.  I'm workin' on a play.  (Sighing)  Jesus.  So whatta yuh saying?  That  you're not comin' back to New York with me?
(Nodding)  No!  (Pauses)  Look, I gotta go.
You mean that ...  (He gets up and starts following  her past diners at other tables)
(Yelling after her)  Awards! They do nothing but give out  awards!  I can't believe it.  Greatest,  greatest fascist dictator, Adolf Hitler!
(Interrupting)  May I see your license, please?
Sure.  (Searching, he finally fishes  his license out of his pocket)
Don't give me your life story  (Looking at the piece of paper  on the ground)
(Interrupting)  Just give me the license, please.
Since you put it that way.  (He laughs)  It's hard for me to refuse.  (He leans over, picks up the  they float to the ground)
(Carrying his jacket over his  shoulder)
(Starting the car)  Twins, Max.  Sixteen-year-olds.  Can you  imagine the mathematical possibilities?
(Reacting)  You're an actor, Max.  You should be  doing Shakespeare in the Park.
(Looking at Rob's helmet)  Max, are we driving through plutonium?
(In mirrored reflection)  It's an important issue.
(In mirrored reflection)  Alvy, you are totally incapable of  enjoying life.
(Rising with emotion)  Okay, if that's all that we've been  through together means to you, I guess  it's better if we just said goodbye,  once and for all!  You know, it's funny,  after all the serious talks and passionate  moments that it ends here ... in a health -food restaurant on Sunset Boulevard.   Goodbye, Sunny.
Wait!  I'm-I'm gonna ... go with you.  (The actor comes back. They embrace)  I love you.
(To the audience, gesturing)  Tsch, whatta you want?  It was my first  play.  You know, you know how you're  always tryin' t' get things to come out  perfect in art because, uh, it's real  difficult in life.  Interestingly, however,  I did run into Annie again.  It was on the  Upper West Side of Manhattan.
(Over the theater scene and,  Annie's singing)
