A WOMAN		JO	 I'm requesting... I'm... Captain, I'd like to request that I be the attorney assigned to rep -- I'd like to request that it be myself who is assigned to represent -- (she stops) "That it be myself who is assigned to represent"? ...Good, Jo, that's confidence inspiring.	UNITED STATES NAVY - JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL'S CORPS				A Few Good Men 
GIBBS	 Captain West, this is Lt. Commander Galloway. Jo, you know Mike Lawrence.	JO	 Yes sir. (to WEST) Captain, I appreciate your seeing me on such short notice.	WEST	 I understand there was some trouble over the weekend down in Cuba.	JO	 Yes sir... This past Friday evening. Two marines, Corporal Harold Dawson and Private Louden Downey, entered the barracks room of a PFC William Santiago and assaulted him. Santiago died at the base hospital approximately an hour later. The NIS agent who took their statements maintains they were trying to prevent Santiago from naming them in a fenceline shooting incident. They're scheduled to have a hearing down in Cuba at 4:00 this afternoon.	A Few Good Men 
JO	 Dawson and Downey are both recruiting poster marines and Santiago was known to be a screw-up. I was thinking that it sounded an awful lot like a code red.	WEST	 (under his breath) Christ.	JO	 I'd like them moved up to Washington and assigned counsel. Someone who can really look into this. Someone who possesses not only the legal skill, but a familiarity with the inner workings of the military. In short, Captain, I'd like to suggest that... I be the one who, that it be me who is assigned to represent them. (beat) Myself.	WEST	 Joanne, why don't you get yourself a cup of coffee.	A Few Good Men 
WEST	 (under his breath) Christ.	JO	 I'd like them moved up to Washington and assigned counsel. Someone who can really look into this. Someone who possesses not only the legal skill, but a familiarity with the inner workings of the military. In short, Captain, I'd like to suggest that... I be the one who, that it be me who is assigned to represent them. (beat) Myself.	WEST	 Joanne, why don't you get yourself a cup of coffee.	JO	 Thank you, sir, I'm fine.	A Few Good Men 
WEST	 And I'll have Division assign them counsel...	JO	 (beat) But... not me.	WEST	 From what I understand from your colleagues, you're much too valuable in your present assignment to be wasted on what I'm sure will boil down to a five minute plea bargain and a week's worth of paper work.	JO	 Sir --	A Few Good Men 
THE RIGHT MAN FOR THE JOB		KAFFEE	 (calling out to the team) Alright, let's get two!	SECOND BASE	 Sorry!	KAFFEE	 Nothing to be sorry about, Sherby. Just look the ball into your glove.	A Few Good Men 
SPRADLING	 Kaffee!!	KAFFEE	 (turning) Dave. You seem upset and distraught.	SPRADLING	 We were supposed to meet in your office 15 minutes ago to talk about the McDermott case. You're stalling on this thing. Now we got this done and I mean now, or no kidding, Kaffee, I'll hang your boy from a fuckin' yardarm.	KAFFEE	 A yardarm? (calling out) Sherby, does the Navy still hang people from yardarms?	A Few Good Men 
SPRADLING	 We were supposed to meet in your office 15 minutes ago to talk about the McDermott case. You're stalling on this thing. Now we got this done and I mean now, or no kidding, Kaffee, I'll hang your boy from a fuckin' yardarm.	KAFFEE	 A yardarm? (calling out) Sherby, does the Navy still hang people from yardarms?	SHERBY	 (calling back) I don't think so, Danny.	KAFFEE	 (back to SPRADLING) Dave, Sherby doesn't think the Navy hangs people from yardarms anymore. (back to the field) Let's go, let's get two!	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 A yardarm? (calling out) Sherby, does the Navy still hang people from yardarms?	SHERBY	 (calling back) I don't think so, Danny.	KAFFEE	 (back to SPRADLING) Dave, Sherby doesn't think the Navy hangs people from yardarms anymore. (back to the field) Let's go, let's get two!	SPRADLING	 I'm gonna charge him with possession and being under the influence while on duty. Plead guilty and I'll recommend 30 days in the brig with loss of rank and pay.	A Few Good Men 
SHERBY	 (calling back) I don't think so, Danny.	KAFFEE	 (back to SPRADLING) Dave, Sherby doesn't think the Navy hangs people from yardarms anymore. (back to the field) Let's go, let's get two!	SPRADLING	 I'm gonna charge him with possession and being under the influence while on duty. Plead guilty and I'll recommend 30 days in the brig with loss of rank and pay.	KAFFEE	 It was oregano, Dave, it was ten dollars worth of oregano.	A Few Good Men 
WHITAKER	 'Morning.	LAWYERS	 (school class) 'Morning Captain Whitaker.	WHITAKER	 Sam, how's the baby?	SAM	 I think she's ready to say her first word any day now.	A Few Good Men 
SAM	 I have no responsibilities here whatsoever.	JO	 (beat) Come in, please, have a seat...	JO	 (continuing) Lieutenant, how long have you been in the Navy?	KAFFEE	 Going on nine months now.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 A little over a year.	JO	 (beat) I see.	KAFFEE	 Have I done something wrong?	JO	 No. It's just that when I petitioned Division to have counsel assigned, I was hoping I'd be taken seriously.	A Few Good Men 
JO	 No. It's just that when I petitioned Division to have counsel assigned, I was hoping I'd be taken seriously.	KAFFEE	 (to JO) No offense taken, if you were wondering.	SAM	 Commander, Lt. Kaffee's generally considered the best litigator in our office. He's successfully plea bargained 44 cases in nine months.	KAFFEE	 One more, and I got a set of steak knives.	A Few Good Men 
JO	 One of the people you'll be speaking to down there is the barracks C.O., Colonel Nathan Jessep, I assume you've heard of him.	KAFFEE	 (beat) Who hasn't?	SAM	 (to KAFFEE) He's been in the papers lately. He's expected to be appointed Director of Operations for the National Security Counsel.	JO	 These are letters that Santiago wrote in his 8 months at GITMO --	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 (beat) Who hasn't?	SAM	 (to KAFFEE) He's been in the papers lately. He's expected to be appointed Director of Operations for the National Security Counsel.	JO	 These are letters that Santiago wrote in his 8 months at GITMO --	SAM	 (whispering to kaffee) Guantanamo Bay.	A Few Good Men 
JO	 These are letters that Santiago wrote in his 8 months at GITMO --	SAM	 (whispering to kaffee) Guantanamo Bay.	KAFFEE	 I know that one.	JO	 He wrote to his recruiter, the fleet commander, HQ, Atlantic, even his senator. He wanted a transfer. Nobody was listening. You with me?	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 Right. Is that all?	JO	 (beat) Lieutenant, this letter makes it look like your client had a motive to kill Santiago.	KAFFEE	 Gotcha. (beat) And Santiago is... who?	JO	 (beat) The victim.	A Few Good Men 
JO	 (beat) Lieutenant, this letter makes it look like your client had a motive to kill Santiago.	KAFFEE	 Gotcha. (beat) And Santiago is... who?	JO	 (beat) The victim.	KAFFEE	 (to SAM) Write that down. (to JO) Am I correct in assuming that these letters don't paint a flattering picture of marine corps life in Guantanamo Bay?	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 Gotcha. (beat) And Santiago is... who?	JO	 (beat) The victim.	KAFFEE	 (to SAM) Write that down. (to JO) Am I correct in assuming that these letters don't paint a flattering picture of marine corps life in Guantanamo Bay?	JO	 Yes, among other --	A Few Good Men 
JO	 (beat) The victim.	KAFFEE	 (to SAM) Write that down. (to JO) Am I correct in assuming that these letters don't paint a flattering picture of marine corps life in Guantanamo Bay?	JO	 Yes, among other --	KAFFEE	 And am I further right in assuming that a protracted investigation of this incident might cause some embarrassment for the security counsel guy.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 Sorry, I always forget that.	SAM	 He's a little preoccupied. (beat) The team's playing Bethesda Medical next week.	JO	 Tell your friend not to get cute down there.  The marines in Guantanimo are fanatical.	SAM	 About what?	A Few Good Men 
MARKINSON	 Not only that, but word of this letter's bound to get out. The kid's gonna get his ass kicked.	JESSEP	 Transfer Santiago. Yes I suppose you're right. I suppose that's the thing to do. Wait. Wait. I've got a better idea. Let's transfer the whole squad off the base. Let's -- on second thought -- Windward. The whole Windward division, let's transfer 'em off the base. Jon, go on out there and get those boys down off the fence, they're packing their bags. (calling out) Tom!	ORDERLY	 Sir!	JESSEP	 Got me the President on the phone, we're surrendering our position in Cuba.	A Few Good Men 
JESSEP	 (continuing) What do you think of Kendrick?	MARKINSON	 (beat) I don't know that --	JESSEP	 I think he's kind of a weasel, myself. But he's an awfully good officer, and in the end we see eye to eye on the best way to run a marine corps unit. We're in the business of saving lives, Matthew. That's a responsibility we have to take pretty seriously. And I believe that taking a marine who's not yet up to the job and packing him off to another assignment, puts lives in danger.	JESSEP	 (continuing) Matthew, siddown. (beat) We go back a while. We went to the Academy together, we were commissioned together, we did our tours in Vietnam together. But I've been promoted up through the chain with greater speed and success than you have. Now if that's a source of tension or embarrassment for you, well, I don't give a shit. We're in the business of saving lives, Captain Markinson. Don't ever question my orders in front of another officer.	A Few Good Men 
JO	 Dawson and Downey.	KAFFEE	 (beat) Those names sound like they should mean something to me, but I'm just not --	JO	 Dawson! Downey! Your clients!	KAFFEE	 The Cuba thing! Yes! Dawson and Downey. (beat) Right. (pause) I've done something wrong again, haven't I?	A Few Good Men 
JO	 Dawson! Downey! Your clients!	KAFFEE	 The Cuba thing! Yes! Dawson and Downey. (beat) Right. (pause) I've done something wrong again, haven't I?	JO	 I was wondering why two guys have been in a jail cell since this morning while their lawyer is outside hitting a ball.	KAFFEE	 We need the practice.	A Few Good Men 
JO	 I do know you. Daniel AlliStair Kaffee, born June 8th, 1964 at Boston Mercy Hospital. Your father's Lionel Kaffee, former Navy Judge Advocate and Attorney General, of the United States, died 1985. You went to Harvard Law on a Navy scholarship, probably because that's what your father wanted you to do, and now you're just treading water for the three years you've gotta serve in the JAG Corps, just kinda layin' low til you can get out and get a real job. And if that's the situation, that's fine, I won't tell anyone. But my feeling is that if this case is handled in the same fast-food, slick-ass, Persian Bazaar manner with which you seem to handle everything else, something's gonna get missed. And I wouldn't be doing my job if I allowed Dawson and Downey to spend any more time in prison than absolutely necessary, because their attorney had pre- determined the path of least resistance.	KAFFEE	 Wow. (beat) I'm sexually aroused, Commander.	JO	 I don't think your clients murdered anybody.	KAFFEE	 What are you basing this on?	A Few Good Men 
JO	 There was no intent.	KAFFEE	 The doctor's report says that Santiago died of asphyxiation brought on by acute lactic acidosis, and that the nature of the acidosis strongly suggests poisoning. (beat) Now, I don't know what any of that means, but it sounds pretty bad.	JO	 Santiago died at one a.m. At three the doctor was unable to determine the cause of death, but two hours later he said it was poison.	KAFFEE	 Oh, now I see what you're saying. It had to be Professor Plum in the library with the candlestick.	A Few Good Men 
DAWSON	 Yes sir.	KAFFEE	 (to DOWNEY) Do you ever talk?	DAWSON	 Sir, Private Downey will answer any direct questions you ask him.	KAFFEE	 Swell. Private Downey, the rag you stuffed in Santiago's mouth, was there poison on it?	A Few Good Men 
DOWNEY	 We saw blood drippinq out of his mouth. Then we pulled the tape off, and there was blood all down his face, sir. That's when Corporal Dawson called the ambulance.	KAFFEE	 (to DAWSON) Did anyone see you call the ambulance?	DAWSON	 No sir.	KAFFEE	 Were you there when the ambulance got there?	A Few Good Men 
DAWSON	 Yes sir, that's when we were taken under arrest.	SAM	 (to DAWSON) On the night of August 2nd, did you fire a shot across the fenceline into Cuba?	DAWSON	 Yes sir.	SAM	 Why?	A Few Good Men 
DAWSON	 My mirror engaged, sir.	KAFFEE	 (to SAM) His mirror engaged?	SAM	 For each American sentry post there's a Cuban counterpart. They're called mirrors. The corporal's claiming that his mirror was about to fire at him.	KAFFEE	 Santiago's letter to the NIS said you fired illegally. He's saying that the guy, the mirror, he never made a move.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 You tell me.	ROSS	 (pause) I'm gonna give you the twelve years, but before you go getting yourself into trouble tomorrow, you should know this: The platoon commander Lt. Jonathan Kendrick, had a meeting with the men. And he specifically told them not to touch Santiago.	KAFFEE	 I'll talk to you when I get back.	ROSS	 Hey, we got a little four-on-four going tomorrow night. When does your plane get in?	A Few Good Men 
SAM	 That's what you wanted.	KAFFEE	 I know, and I'll... I guess, I mean -- (beat) I'll take it.	SAM	 So?	KAFFEE	 It took albout 45 seconds. He barely put up a fight.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 It took albout 45 seconds. He barely put up a fight.	SAM	 (beat) Danny, take the twelve years, it's a gift.	KAFFEE	 You don't believe their story, do you? You think they ought to go to jail for the rest of their lives.	SAM	 I believe every word they said. And I think they ought to go to jail for the rest of their lives.	A Few Good Men 
SAM	 So?	KAFFEE	 I never mentioned Kendrick. I don't even know who he is. (beat) What the hell. (beat) I'll see you tomorrow.					A Few Good Men 
HOWARD	 Lieutenants Kaffee and Weinberg?	KAFFEE	 (shouting) Yeah.	JO	 Commander Galloway.	HOWARD	 I'm Corporal Howard, ma'am, I'm to escort you to the Windward side of the base.	A Few Good Men 
HOWARD	 (shouting) We'll just hop on the ferry and be over there in no time.	KAFFEE	 (shouting) Whoa! Hold it! We gotta take a boat?!	HOWARD	 Yes sir, to get to the other side of the bay.	KAFFEE	 Nobody said anything about a boat.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 Nobody said anything about a boat.	HOWARD	 (shouting) Is there a problem, sir?	KAFFEE	 (shouting) No. No problem. I'm just not that crazy about boats, that's all.	JO	 (shouting) Jesus Christ, Kaffee, you're in the Navy for cryin' out loud!	A Few Good Men 
HOWARD	 (shouting) Is there a problem, sir?	KAFFEE	 (shouting) No. No problem. I'm just not that crazy about boats, that's all.	JO	 (shouting) Jesus Christ, Kaffee, you're in the Navy for cryin' out loud!	KAFFEE	 (shouting) Nobody likes her very much.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 (shouting) No. No problem. I'm just not that crazy about boats, that's all.	JO	 (shouting) Jesus Christ, Kaffee, you're in the Navy for cryin' out loud!	KAFFEE	 (shouting) Nobody likes her very much.	HOWARD	 (shouting) Yes sir.	A Few Good Men 
JO	 (shouting) Jesus Christ, Kaffee, you're in the Navy for cryin' out loud!	KAFFEE	 (shouting) Nobody likes her very much.	HOWARD	 (shouting) Yes sir.			A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 (shouting) Nobody likes her very much.	HOWARD	 (shouting) Yes sir.					A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 Thank you. I'm Daniel Kaffee, I'm the attorney for Dawson and Downey. This is Joanne Galloway, she's observing and evaluating --	JO	 (shaking hands) Colonel.	JESSEP	 Pleased to meet you, Commander.	KAFFEE	 Sam Weinberg. He has no responsibility here whatsoever.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 He passed away seven years ago, colonel.	JESSEP	 (pause) Well... don't I feel like the fuckin, asshole.	KAFFEE	 Not at all, sir.	JESSEP	 Well, what can we do for you, Danny.	A Few Good Men 
KENDRICK	 Sixteen-hundred.	SAM	 (leaning forward) Four o'clock.					A Few Good Men 
KENDRICK	 No, you may not.	KAFFEE	 (beat) Have I done something to offend you?	KENDRICK	 No, I like all you Navy boys. Every time we've gotta go someplace and fight, you fellas always give us a ride.	JO	 Lt. Kendrick, do you think Santiago was murdered?	A Few Good Men 
SAM	 How do you feel about that theory?	KAFFEE	 (beat) Sounds good. Let's move on.	JO	 You planning on doing any investigating or are you just gonna take the guided tour?	KAFFEE	 (beat) I'm pacing myself.	A Few Good Men 
JO	 You planning on doing any investigating or are you just gonna take the guided tour?	KAFFEE	 (beat) I'm pacing myself.					A Few Good Men 
KENDRICK	 The corporal's got the jeep outside, he'll take you back to the airstrip.	KAFFEE	 (standing) Thank you.	JO	 Wait a minute, I've got some questions.	KAFFEE	 No you don't.	A Few Good Men 
JESSEP	 Of course I met with the doctor. One of my men was dead.	KAFFEE	 (to JO) See? The man was dead. Let's go.	JO	 (to JESSEP) I was wondering if you've ever heard the term Code Red.	KAFFEE	 Jo --	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 (to JO) See? The man was dead. Let's go.	JO	 (to JESSEP) I was wondering if you've ever heard the term Code Red.	KAFFEE	 Jo --	JESSEP	 I've heard the term, yes.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 Yeah.	JESSEP	 (pause) Of course you can have a copy of the transfer order. For the file. I'm here to help anyway I can.	KAFFEE	 Thank you.	JESSEP	 You believe that, don't you? Danny? That I'm here to help anyway I can?	A Few Good Men 
JESSEP	 The corporal'll run you by Ordinance on your way out to the airstrip. You can have all the transfer orders you want.	KAFFEE	 (to JO and SAM) Let's go.	JESSEP	 But you have to ask me nicely.	KAFFEE	 I beg your pardon?	A Few Good Men 
JO	 Markinson resigned his commission.	KAFFEE	 (pause) When?	JO	 This afternoon. Sometime after we left.	KAFFEE	 I'll talk to him in the morning.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 Splendid.	JO	 I think Kendrick ordered the Code Red. (beat) So do you.					A Few Good Men 
DAWSON	 Yes sir.	KAFFEE	 (to Downey) Did he?	DOWNEY	 Yes sir.	KAFFEE	 You mind telling me why the hell you never mentioned this before?	A Few Good Men 
DAWSON	 About five minutes after the meeting broke, sir. About 16:20.	KAFFEE	 (continuing) And what happened then?	DAWSON	 Lt. Kendrick ordered us to give Santiago a Code Red.			A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 (continuing) Jack!!	ROSS	 (waving him off) Hang on...	KAFFEE	 They were given an order.	JO	 How long have you known about the order?	A Few Good Men 
JO	 How long have you known about the order?	ROSS	 I didn't -- (to KAFFEE) Who is this?	KAFFEE	 This is Jo Galloway she's Downey's lawyer. She's very pleased to meet you.	ROSS	 What exactly are you accusing me of, commander?	A Few Good Men 
DAWSON	 We did nothing wrong, sir. We did our job. If that has consequences, then I accept them. But'I won't say I'm guilty, sir.	KAFFEE	 Did you -- (to DAWSON and DOWNEY) Did she put you up to this?	JO	 No.	DAWSON	 We have a code, sir.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 Yes.	DAWSON	 What do we do then, sir? We joined the corps 'cause we wanted to live our lives by a certain code. And we found it in the corps. And now you're asking us to sign a piece of paper that says we have no honor. You're asking us to say we're not marines. If a judge and jury decide that what we did was wrong, I'll accept whatever punishment they give. But I believe I was riqht, sir. I believe I did my job. And I won't dishonor myself, my unit, or the Corps, so that I can qo home in six months. (beat) Sir.	KAFFEE	 Commander, I want to talk to corporal Dawson alone for a minute.	JO	 (to Downey) Let's go in another room. Louden, everything's gonna be alright.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 Commander, I want to talk to corporal Dawson alone for a minute.	JO	 (to Downey) Let's go in another room. Louden, everything's gonna be alright.	JO	 (continuing; to M.P.) We're gonna go into a holding room.	KAFFEE	 You don't like me that much, do you? (beat) Forget it, don't answer that, it doesn't matter.	A Few Good Men 
JO	 (continuing; to M.P.) We're gonna go into a holding room.	KAFFEE	 You don't like me that much, do you? (beat) Forget it, don't answer that, it doesn't matter.	KAFFEE	 (continuing) You know, Downey worships you. He's gonna do whatever you do. Are you really gonna let this happen to him because of a code? Harold?	DAWSON	 Do you think we were right?	A Few Good Men 
DAWSON	 Do you think we were right?	KAFFEE	 (beat) I think you'd lose.	DAWSON	 (beat) You're such a coward, I can't believe they let you wear a uniform.	KAFFEE	 I'm not gonna feel responsible for this, Harold. I did everything I could. You're going to Levenworth for the better part of your life, and you know what? I don't give a shit.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 (beat) I think you'd lose.	DAWSON	 (beat) You're such a coward, I can't believe they let you wear a uniform.	KAFFEE	 I'm not gonna feel responsible for this, Harold. I did everything I could. You're going to Levenworth for the better part of your life, and you know what? I don't give a shit.	KAFFEE	 (continuing)	A Few Good Men 
M.P.!		KAFFEE	 (continuing) What happened to saluting an officer when he leaves the room?					A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 Dawson's gonna go to jail just to spite me. Fine. If he wants to jump off a cliff, that's his business. I'm not gonna hold his hand on the way down. (to SAM) I want to get him a new lawyer. How do I do it?	SAM	 You just make a motion tomorrow morning at the arraignment. The judge'll ask you if you want to enter a plea. You tell him you want new counsel assigned.	KAFFEE	 (beat) Then that's that.			A Few Good Men 
SAM	 You just make a motion tomorrow morning at the arraignment. The judge'll ask you if you want to enter a plea. You tell him you want new counsel assigned.	KAFFEE	 (beat) Then that's that.	JO	 (beat) Yeah. One thing, though. When you ask the judge for new counsel, Danny, be sure and ask nicely.	KAFFEE	 What do you want from me?	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 (beat) Then that's that.	JO	 (beat) Yeah. One thing, though. When you ask the judge for new counsel, Danny, be sure and ask nicely.	KAFFEE	 What do you want from me?	JO	 I want you to let 'em be judged! I want you to stand up and make an argument!	A Few Good Men 
JO	 Don't look now, Danny, but you're making an argument.	KAFFEE	 (pause) Yeah. (beat) Tomorrow morning I'll get them a new attorney.	JO	 Why are you so afraid to be a lawyer? Were daddy's expectations really that high?	KAFFEE	 Please, spare me the psycho-babble father bullshit. Dawson and Downey'll have their day in court, but they'll have it with another lawyer.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 Please, spare me the psycho-babble father bullshit. Dawson and Downey'll have their day in court, but they'll have it with another lawyer.	JO	 Another lawyer won't be good enough. They need you. You know how to win. (beat) You know they have a case. And you know how to win. You walk away from this now, and you have sealed their fate.	KAFFEE	 Their fate was sealed the moment Santiago died.	JO	 Do you believe they have a defense?	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 You and Dawson both live in the same dreamland. It doesn't matter what I believe, it only matters what I can prove. So please don't tell me what I know and don't know. I know the law.	JO	 You know nothing about the law. You're a used car salesman, Daniel. You're an ambulance chaser with a rank. You're nothing. (beat) Live with that.					A Few Good Men 
RANDOLPH	 Does defense wish to enter a plea?	KAFFEE	 Yeah. (pause) They're not guilty.	RANDOLPH	 Enter a plea of not guilty for the defendants. We'll adjourn until ten- hundred, three weeks from today, at which time this Court will reconvene as a General Court-Martial.	KAFFEE	 Why does a junior grade with six months experience and a track record for plea bargaining get assigned a murder case? (beat) Would it be so that it never sees the inside of a courtroom?	A Few Good Men 
RANDOLPH	 Enter a plea of not guilty for the defendants. We'll adjourn until ten- hundred, three weeks from today, at which time this Court will reconvene as a General Court-Martial.	KAFFEE	 Why does a junior grade with six months experience and a track record for plea bargaining get assigned a murder case? (beat) Would it be so that it never sees the inside of a courtroom?	KAFFEE	 (continuing) We'll work out of my apartment. Every night, seven o'clock. Jo, before you come over tonight, pick up a carton of legal pads, a half-dozen boxes of red pens, a half-dozen boxes of black pens. Sam get a couple of desk lamps. I need you to start on a preliminary medical profile and Jo, we need all the fitness reports on Dawson, Downey and Santiago. The only thing I have to eat is Yoo-Hoo and SugarSnacks, so if you want anything else, bring it with you. Okay?	JO	 Yeah.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 (continuing) What.	SAM	 (pause) I was wondering, now that Joanne's working on this... I was wondering if you still need me.	KAFFEE	 (pause) They were following an order, Sam.	SAM	 An illegal order.	A Few Good Men 
SAM	 (pause) I was wondering, now that Joanne's working on this... I was wondering if you still need me.	KAFFEE	 (pause) They were following an order, Sam.	SAM	 An illegal order.	KAFFEE	 You think Dawson and Downey know it was an illegal order?	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 This is our defense. Intent: No one can prove there was poison on the raq. Code Red: They're common and accepted in Guantanamo Bay. The Order: (he writes) A) Kendrick gave it. B) They had no choice but to follow it. (beat) That's it.	SAM	 What about motive?	KAFFEE	 We're a little weak on motive. They had one.			A Few Good Men 
JO	 Just because a person has a motive doesn't mean --	KAFFEE	 Relax. We'll deal with the fenceline shooting when it comes up. For now we start here -- (pointing to INTENT) I don't know what made Santiago die, I don't want to know. I just want to be able to show it could've been something other than poison. Jo, talk to doctors. Find out everything there is to know about lactic acidosis. Let's start prepping for Stone.	JO	 As long as we're on the subject of the doctor --	KAFFEE	 Here we go.	A Few Good Men 
JO	 (into phone) Captain Hill, this is Lt. Commander Galloway, I'm an internal affairs officer with the JAG Corps in Washington, D.C. I'm trying to track down a Captain Matthew Andrew Markinson, USMC...	KAFFEE	 Doctor, other than the rope marks, was there any other sign of external damage?	SAM	 No.			A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 No cuts?	JO	 (into phone) He resigned his commission a week ago Thursday.	KAFFEE	 Bruises? Broken bones?	SAM	 No.	A Few Good Men 
SAM	 No.	JO	 (into phone) No, please don't put me on hold --	KAFFEE	 Doctor, was there any sign of violence?	SAM	 (beat) You mean other than the dead body?	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 Doctor, was there any sign of violence?	SAM	 (beat) You mean other than the dead body?	KAFFEE	 Fuck!! I walk into that every goddam time!	SAM	 Don't ask the last question.	A Few Good Men 
JO	 And what happened after Kendrick came into your room?	DOWNEY	 (beat) He ordered me and Corporal Dawson to give Willy a Code Red.	SAM	 (to Jo) His answers still have to come faster, Jo. The Iowa farmboy thing'll play for a while, but in the end it looks like he's searching for the truth.	KAFFEE	 (to Dawson & Downey) He's right, and from now on, "Willy" is Private Santiago. You start calling him Willy and all of a sudden he's a person who's got a mother who's gonna miss him.	A Few Good Men 
DOWNEY	 (beat) He ordered me and Corporal Dawson to give Willy a Code Red.	SAM	 (to Jo) His answers still have to come faster, Jo. The Iowa farmboy thing'll play for a while, but in the end it looks like he's searching for the truth.	KAFFEE	 (to Dawson & Downey) He's right, and from now on, "Willy" is Private Santiago. You start calling him Willy and all of a sudden he's a person who's got a mother who's gonna miss him.			A Few Good Men 
SAM	 (to Jo) His answers still have to come faster, Jo. The Iowa farmboy thing'll play for a while, but in the end it looks like he's searching for the truth.	KAFFEE	 (to Dawson & Downey) He's right, and from now on, "Willy" is Private Santiago. You start calling him Willy and all of a sudden he's a person who's got a mother who's gonna miss him.					A Few Good Men 
JO/SAM	 Do it swiftly, but don't look overanxious.	KAFFEE	 (beat) And don't wear that perfume in Court, it wrecks my concentration.	JO	 Really!	KAFFEE	 I was talking to Sam.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 Time to go home. Try to get some sleep tonight.	JO	 (to SAM) I'll give you a ride.	KAFFEE	 (to SAM) You're a good man, Charlie Brown.	SAM	 See you in court.	A Few Good Men 
JO	 (to SAM) I'll give you a ride.	KAFFEE	 (to SAM) You're a good man, Charlie Brown.	SAM	 See you in court.	JO	 Danny --	A Few Good Men 
JO	 I was just gonna tell you to wear matching socks tomorrow.	KAFFEE	 (beat) Oh. (beat) Okay. Good tip.	JO	 We're ready.	KAFFEE	 Bet your ass.	A Few Good Men 
MAN	 You're gonna save our son, aren't you?	KAFFEE	 (pause) I'll do my best.	JO	 Danny, I want you to meet Ginny Miller, Louden's aunt.	KAFFEE	 You're Aunt Ginny?	A Few Good Men 
RANDOLPH	 Is the Government prepared to make an opening statement?	ROSS	 (standing) Yes sir.	ROSS	 (continuing) The facts of the case are this: At midnight on August 6th, the defendants went into the barracks room of their platoon-mate, PFC William Santiago. They woke him up, tied his arms and legs with rope, and forced a rag into his throat. A few minutes later, a chemical reaction in Santiago's body called lactic acidosis caused his lungs to begin bleeding. He drowned in his own blood and was pronounced dead at 32 minutes past midnight. These are the facts of the case. And they are undisputed. That's right. The story I just told you is the exact same story you're going to hear from Corporal Dawson, and it's the exact same story you're going to hear from Private Downey. Furthermore, the Government will also demonstrate that the defendants soaked the rag with poison, and entered Santiago's room with motive and intent to kill. (beat) Now, Lt. Kaffee, is gonna try to pull off a little magic act, he's gonna try a little misdirection. He's going to astonish you with stories of rituals and dazzle you with official sounding terms like Code Red. He might even cut into a few officers for you. He'll have no evidence, mind you, none. But it's gonna be entertaining. When we get to the end, all the magic in the world will not have been able to divert your attention from the fact that Willy Santiago is dead, and Dawson and Downey killed him. These are the facts of the case. (beat) And they are undisputed.	RANDOLPH	 Lt. Kaffee?	A Few Good Men 
RANDOLPH	 Lt. Kaffee?	KAFFEE	 There was no poison on the rag and there was no intent to kill and any attempt to prove otherwise is futile because it just ain't true. (beat) When Dawson and Downey went into Santiago's room that night, it wasn't because of vengeance or hatred, it wasn't to kill or harm, and it wasn't because they were looking for kicks on a Friday night. It's because it was what they were ordered to do. (beat) Let me say that again: It's because it was what they were ordered to do. Now, out in the real world, that means nothing. And here at the Washington Navy Yard, it doesn't mean a whole lot more. But if you're a marine assigned to Rifle Security Company Windward, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and you're given an order, you follow it or you pack your bags. (beat) Make no mistake about it, Harold Dawson and Louden Downey are sitting before you in judgement today because they did their job.	RANDOLPH	 Is the Government ready to call its first witness?	ROSS	 Please the Court, the Government calls Mr. R.C McGuire.	A Few Good Men 
MCGUIRE	 Lance Corporal Harold Dawson.	ROSS	 (continuing; to KAFFEE) Your witness.	KAFFEE	 Mr. McGuire, have you questioned Corporal Dawson about the fenceline shooting?	MCGUIRE	 Yes. He claims to have been engaged in some manner by the enemy.	A Few Good Men 
HAMMAKER	 Lt. Kendrick told us that we had an informer in our group.  That Private Santiago had gone outside the chain of command and reported to the NIS on a member of our platoon.	ROSS	 Did that make you mad? (pause) You can tell the truth, corporal, it's alright. Did it make you mad?	HAMMAKER	 Yes sir.	ROSS	 How mad?	A Few Good Men 
HAMMAKER	 Sir, he said that Santiago wasn't to be touched.	ROSS	 (to KAFFEE) Your witness.	KAFFEE	 Corporal Hammaker, were you in Dawson and Downey's barracks room ten minutes after this meeting?	HAMMAKER	 No sir.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 The defense is willing to concede that all 23 witnesses will testify substantially as Corporal Hammaker did, if the Government is willing to concede that none of them were in Dawson and Downey's room at 16:20 on August 6th.	RANDOLPH	 (to ROSS) Lieutenant?	ROSS	 The Government'll agree to the stipulation, sir.	RANDOLPH	 Then we'll adjourn for the day. You can call your next witness in the morning.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 What might some of those conditions be?	STONE	 (beat) If a person had a coronary disorder... or a cerebral disorder, the process would be more rapid.	KAFFEE	 Commander, if I had a coronary condition, and a perfectly clean rag was placed in my mouth, and the rag was accidentally pushed too far down, is it possible that my cells would continue burning sugar after the rag was taken out?	STONE	 It would have to be a very serious condition.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 Chest pains?	STONE	 (beat) Yes.	KAFFEE	 Shortness of breath?	STONE	 Yes.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 This in an order for Private Santiago to be put on restricted duty. Would you read your hand written remarks at the bottom of the page, please, sir.	STONE	 (reading) "Initial testing negative. Patient complains of chest pains, shortness of breath, and fatigue. Restricted from running distances over five miles for one week."	KAFFEE	 Commander, isn't it possible that Santiago had a serious coronary condition, and it was that condition, and not some mysterious poison, that caused the accelerated chemical reaction?	STONE	 No. I personally give the men a physical examination every three months. And every three months Private Santiago got a clean bill of health.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 Alright. Everybody take the night off.	SAM	 (continuing) I apologize, I, --	KAFFEE	 It's alright. We've been working 20 hour days for three and a half weeks straight. Take the night off. Go see your wife, see your daughter. Jo, do whatever it is you do when you're not here. What day is tomorrow?	SAM	 Saturday.	A Few Good Men 
SAM	 Why do you like them so much?	JO	 (pause) 'Cause they stand on a wall. (beat) And they say "Nothing's gonna hurt you tonight. Not on my watch."	SAM	 Don't worry about the doctor. This trial starts Monday.			A Few Good Men 
JO	 15 days.	KAFFEE	 (pause) Well, you sure hustled the shit outta him.	JO	 After that, they moved me to internal affairs.	KAFFEE	 Tough to blame them.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 I do.	JO	 No you don't. (beat) I think you're an exceptional lawyer. I watch the jurors, they respond to you, they like you. I see you convincing them. I think Dawson and Downey are gonna end up owing their lives to you.	KAFFEE	 (pause) Jo... I think you have to prepare yourself for the fact that we're gonna lose. (beat) Ross's opening speech, it was all true. (beat) I mean, let's pretend for a minute that it would actually matter to this jury that the guys were given an order. We can't prove it ever happened. (beat) We'll keep doing what we're doing, and we'll put on a show, but at the end of the day, all we have is the testimony of two people accused of murder.	JO	 We'll find Markinson.	A Few Good Men 
JO	 No you don't. (beat) I think you're an exceptional lawyer. I watch the jurors, they respond to you, they like you. I see you convincing them. I think Dawson and Downey are gonna end up owing their lives to you.	KAFFEE	 (pause) Jo... I think you have to prepare yourself for the fact that we're gonna lose. (beat) Ross's opening speech, it was all true. (beat) I mean, let's pretend for a minute that it would actually matter to this jury that the guys were given an order. We can't prove it ever happened. (beat) We'll keep doing what we're doing, and we'll put on a show, but at the end of the day, all we have is the testimony of two people accused of murder.	JO	 We'll find Markinson.	KAFFEE	 Jo, we're gonna lose. And we're gonna lose huge.	A Few Good Men 
HOWARD	 No sir.	KAFFEE	 (beat) Never?	HOWARD	 No, sir.	KAFFEE	 You got a code red 'cause your palms were sweaty. Why didn't Santiago, this burden to his unit, ever get one?	A Few Good Men 
HOWARD	 Yes sir.	ROSS	 Good. (hands him the book) Would you turn to the chapter that deals with code reds, please.	HOWARD	 Sir?	ROSS	 Just flip to the page in that book that discusses code reds.	A Few Good Men 
ROSS	 No? Corporal Howard, I'm a marine. Is their no book, no manual or pamphlet, no set of orders or regulations that let me know that, as a marine, one of my duties is to perform code reds?	HOWARD	 (pause) No sir. No books, sir.	ROSS	 No further questions.	KAFFEE	 Corporal, would you turn to the page in this book that says where the enlisted men's mess hall is?	A Few Good Men 
RANDOLPH	 Corporal Howard, you can step down.	HOWARD	 (greatly relieved) Thank you, sir.					A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 That's probably a good idea.	JO	 (into phone) This is Lt. Commander Joanne Galloway. My clearance code is 411273.	KAFFEE	 Clearance code?	JO	 Thank you.	A Few Good Men 
JO	 Thank you.	KAFFEE	 (to SAM) I don't have a clearance code. Do you have a --	JO	 (into phone) It's Jo Galloway. I need to secure a witness.	KAFFEE	 He also said that Jessep's lying about the transportation off the base. Jessep said six the next morning was the first flight Santiago could've left on, Markinson says there was a plane that left seven hours earlier.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 (to SAM) I don't have a clearance code. Do you have a --	JO	 (into phone) It's Jo Galloway. I need to secure a witness.	KAFFEE	 He also said that Jessep's lying about the transportation off the base. Jessep said six the next morning was the first flight Santiago could've left on, Markinson says there was a plane that left seven hours earlier.	JO	 Damn.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 Jo, don't get crazy about this. We don't know who Markinson is. We don't know what the log book's gonna say. You just concentrate on Downey. I'm gonna talk to Ross and tell him where we are.	JO	 (sing-song) "Kaffee's got his case now, Kaffee's got his case now."	KAFFEE	 You are like seven of the strangest women I have ever met.			A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 Thanks, Jack. And I wanna tell you that I think the whole fuckin' bunch of you are certifiably insane. And this code of honor of yours makes me wanna beat the shit outta something.	ROSS	 Don't you dare lump me in with Jessep and Markinson and Kendrick because we wear the same uniform. I'm your friend, Danny, and I'm telling you, I don't think your clients belong in jail. But I don't get to make that decision. I represent the Government of the United States. Without passion or prejudice. And my client has a case. (pause) I want you to acknowledge that the judge advocate has made you aware of the possible consequences involved in accusing a marine officer of a felony without proper evidence.	KAFFEE	 I've been so advised.	ROSS	 You got bullied into that courtroom, Danny. By everyone. By Dawson, by Galloway, shit, I practically dared you. Not for a second have you believed you could win. You got bullied into that room by the memory of a dead lawyer.	A Few Good Men 
ROSS	 You got bullied into that courtroom, Danny. By everyone. By Dawson, by Galloway, shit, I practically dared you. Not for a second have you believed you could win. You got bullied into that room by the memory of a dead lawyer.	KAFFEE	 (pause) You're a lousy softball player, Jack.	ROSS	 Your boys are going down. I can't stop it anymore.			A Few Good Men 
ROSS	 Objection. Argumentative.	RANDOLPH	 Sustained. (to KAFFEE) Watch yourself, counselor.	KAFFEE	 Did you report Private Barnes to your superiors?	KENDRICK	 I remember thinking very highly of Private Barnes, and not wanting to see his record tarnished by a formal charge.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 Wouldn't this form of discipline be considered a code red?	KENDRICK	 (beat) Not necessarily.	KAFFEE	 If I called the other 8000 men at Guantanamo Bay to testify, would they consider it a Code Red?	ROSS	 Please the court, the witness can't possibly testify as to what 8000 other men would say. We object to this entire line of questioning as argumentative and irrelevant badgering of the witness.	A Few Good Men 
ROSS	 Thank you judge.	KAFFEE	 Lieutenant, was Dawson given a rating of Below Average on this last fitness report because you learned held been sneaking food to Private Barnes? (to ROSS) Not so fast. (to KENDRICK) Lieutenant?	KENDRICK	 Corporal Dawson was found to be Below Average because he committed a crime.	KAFFEE	 What crime did he commit? (beat) Lieutenant Kendrick? (beat) Dawson brought a hungry guy some food. What crime did he commit?	A Few Good Men 
KENDRICK	 Corporal Dawson was found to be Below Average because he committed a crime.	KAFFEE	 What crime did he commit? (beat) Lieutenant Kendrick? (beat) Dawson brought a hungry guy some food. What crime did he commit?	KENDRICK	 He disobeyed an order.	KAFFEE	 And because he did, because he exercised his own set of values, because he made a decision about the welfare of a marine that was in conflict with an order of yours, he was punished, is that right?	A Few Good Men 
KENDRICK	 Corporal Dawson disobeyed an order.	KAFFEE	 Yeah, but it wasn't a order, was it? After all, it's peacetime. He wasn't being asked to secure a hill... or advance on a beachhead. I mean, surely a marine of Dawson's intelligence can be trusted to determine on his own, which are the really important orders, and which orders might, say, be morally questionable. (beat) Lt. Kendrick? (beat) Can he? Can Corporal Dawson determine on his own which orders he's gonna follow? (pause)	KENDRICK	 No, he can not.	KAFFEE	 A lesson he learned after the Curtis Barnes incident, am I right?	A Few Good Men 
MARKINSON	 Why the hell did you think it would be?!!	KAFFEE	 What are you telling me? (beat) He fixed the log book?	KAFFEE	 (continuing) Well, maybe he can make it so a plane didn't take off, but I can sure as hall prove that one landed. I'll get the log book from Andrews.	KAFFEE	 (continuing; beat) He made an entire flight disappear?	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 (continuing; beat) He made an entire flight disappear?	MARKINSON	 Nathan Jessep is about to be named Director of Operations for the National Security Council. You don't get to that position without knowing how to side-step a few land mines. (beat) And putting me on the stand isn't gonna make him step on one.	KAFFEE	 You're taking the stand. Thursday.			A Few Good Men 
DOWNEY	 You think they'll let us go back to our platoon soon, ma'am?	JO	 (pause) Absolutely.					A Few Good Men 
DOWNEY	 A code red was ordered by my platoon commander, Lt. Jonathan James Kendrick.	KAFFEE	 Thank you. (to ROSS) Your witness.	ROSS	 Private, for the week of 2 August, the switch log has you down at Post 39, is that correct?	DOWNEY	 I'm sure it is, sir, they keep that log pretty good.	A Few Good Men 
ROSS	 If you didn't make it back to your barracks until 16:45, then how could you be in your room at 16:20?	DOWNEY	 (pause) You see sir, there was a flat tire.	ROSS	 Private, did you ever actually hear Lt. Kendrick order a Code Red?	DOWNEY	 (pause) No, sir.	A Few Good Men 
ROSS	 Private, did you ever actually hear Lt. Kendrick order a Code Red?	DOWNEY	 (pause) No, sir.	JO	 Please the court, I'd like to request a recess in order to confer with my client.	ROSS	 Why did you go into Santiago's room?	A Few Good Men 
ROSS	 The witness has been read his rights, commander.	DOWNEY	 (confused) Hal?	RANDOLPH	 The question will be repeated.	ROSS	 Why did you go into Santiago's room?	A Few Good Men 
JO	 Are you drunk?	KAFFEE	 (a simple answer) Pretty much. Yeah.	JO	 (pause) I'll make a pot of coffee. We have a long night's work ahead.	KAFFEE	 She's gonna make coffee. That's nice. (beat) He wasn't in his room. (Kaffee's amazed) He wasn't even there. (beat) That was an important piece of information, don't you think?	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 (a simple answer) Pretty much. Yeah.	JO	 (pause) I'll make a pot of coffee. We have a long night's work ahead.	KAFFEE	 She's gonna make coffee. That's nice. (beat) He wasn't in his room. (Kaffee's amazed) He wasn't even there. (beat) That was an important piece of information, don't you think?	JO	 (pause) Danny, it was just a setback. I'm sorry. But we'll fix it and then move on to Markinson.	A Few Good Men 
JO	 (pause) I'll make a pot of coffee. We have a long night's work ahead.	KAFFEE	 She's gonna make coffee. That's nice. (beat) He wasn't in his room. (Kaffee's amazed) He wasn't even there. (beat) That was an important piece of information, don't you think?	JO	 (pause) Danny, it was just a setback. I'm sorry. But we'll fix it and then move on to Markinson.	KAFFEE	 Markinson's dead.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 She's gonna make coffee. That's nice. (beat) He wasn't in his room. (Kaffee's amazed) He wasn't even there. (beat) That was an important piece of information, don't you think?	JO	 (pause) Danny, it was just a setback. I'm sorry. But we'll fix it and then move on to Markinson.	KAFFEE	 Markinson's dead.	KAFFEE	 (continuing) You really gotta hand it to those Federal Marshals, boy. (he almost has to laugh) It's not like he hanged himself by his shoelaces or slashed his wrists with a concealed butter knife. This guy got, into full dress uniform, stood in the middle of that room, drew a nickle plated pistol from his holster, and fired a bullet into his mouth.	A Few Good Men 
JO	 Look, we'll go to Randolph in the morning and make a motion for a continuance. 24 hours.	KAFFEE	 (beat) Why would we want to do that?	JO	 To subpoena Colonel Jessep.	KAFFEE	 What?	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 No. I won't listen to you and I won't hear you out. Your passion is comforting, Jo. It's also useless. Private Downey needed a trial lawyer today.	JO	 (pause) You chicken-shit. You're gonna use what happened today as an excuse to give up.	KAFFEE	 It's over!	JO	 Why did you ask Jessep for the transfer order?	A Few Good Men 
JO	 You put him on the stand and you get it from him!	KAFFEE	 Yes. No problem. We get it from him. (to SAM) Colonel, isn't it true that you ordered the Code Red on Santiago?	SAM	 Look, we're all a little --	KAFFEE	 I'm sorry, your time's run out. What do we have for the losers, Judge? Well, for our defendants it's a lifetime at exotic Fort Levenworth. And for defense counsel Kaffee? That's right -- it's -- a court -- martial. Yes, Johnny, after falsely accusing a marine officer of conspiracy, Lt. Kaffee will have a long and prosperous career teaching typewriter maintenance at the Rocco Columbo School for Women. Thank you for playing "Should We or Should-We-Not Follow the Advice of the Galacticly Stupid".	A Few Good Men 
SAM	 Don't do this to yourself.	KAFFEE	 I'll bet he is. I'll bet he bores the shit outta the neighbors and the relatives. "Sam, made Law Review. He's got a big case he's making -- He's arguing making an argument." (pause) I think my father would've enjoyed seeing me graduate from law school. (beat) I think he would've liked that... an awful lot.	SAM	 Did I ever tell you that I wrote a paper on your father in college?	KAFFEE	 Yeah?	A Few Good Men 
JO	 What?	KAFFEE	 (looking around) I need my bat. I think better with my bat. Where's my bat?	JO	 I put it in the closet.	KAFFEE	 You put it in the closet.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 I think he's gonna have his hands full today.	JO	 Listen. (beat) Danny. (beat) When you're out there. If it's not gonna happen he's not gonna say it (beat) ...don't go for it.	JO	 (continuing) If you feel like... if you feel like... You could get in trouble. (beat) I'm special counsel for internal affairs, and I'm telling you, you could get in a lot of trouble.	KAFFEE	 Why Lt. Commander Galloway... are you suggesting I back off a material witness?	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 Why Lt. Commander Galloway... are you suggesting I back off a material witness?	JO	 If you think you can't get him. (beat) Yeah.	KAFFEE	 Do you think I can get him?	JO	 (beat) I think it doesn't matter what I think. I'm an administrator. (beat) I can't seem to defend people.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 Do you think I can get him?	JO	 (beat) I think it doesn't matter what I think. I'm an administrator. (beat) I can't seem to defend people.	KAFFEE	 You're my hero, Joanne. (beat) From the first day, you were a lawyer. (beat) Live with that.	SERGEANT AT ARMS (V.O.)	 All rise.	A Few Good Men 
JO	 (beat) I think it doesn't matter what I think. I'm an administrator. (beat) I can't seem to defend people.	KAFFEE	 You're my hero, Joanne. (beat) From the first day, you were a lawyer. (beat) Live with that.	SERGEANT AT ARMS (V.O.)	 All rise.			A Few Good Men 
RANDOLPH	 (to KAFFEE) Call your witness.	KAFFEE	 Where's Sam?	JO	 He'll be here.			A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 I notice you're wearing your Class A appearance in dress uniform for court today.	JESSEP	 (continuing) As are you, Lieutenant.	KAFFEE	 Did you wear that uniform on the plane?	ROSS	 Please the Court, is this dialogue relevant to anything in particular?	A Few Good Men 
ROSS	 Your honor.	KAFFEE	 (to ROSS) Is the Colonel's underwear a matter of national security?	RANDOLPH	 Gentlemen. (to KAFFEE) You better get somewhere fast with this, Lieutenant.	KAFFEE	 Yes sir. Colonel?	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 (to ROSS) Is the Colonel's underwear a matter of national security?	RANDOLPH	 Gentlemen. (to KAFFEE) You better get somewhere fast with this, Lieutenant.	KAFFEE	 Yes sir. Colonel?	JESSEP	 I brought a change of clothes and some personal items.	A Few Good Men 
RANDOLPH	 I'm gonna put a stop to this now.	KAFFEE	 Your honor, these are the telephone records from GITMO for August 6th. And these are 14 letters that Santiago wrote in nine months requesting, in fact begging, for a transfer. (to JESSEP) Upon hearing the news that he was finally getting his transfer, Santiago was so excited, that do you know how many people he called? Zero. Nobody. Not one call to his parents saying he was coming home. Not one call to a friend saying can you pick me up at the airport. He was asleep in his bed at midnight, and according to you he was getting on a plane in six hours, yet everything he owned was hanging neatly in his closet and folded neatly in his footlocker. You were leaving for one day and you packed a bag and made three phone calls. Santiago was leaving for the rest of his life, and he hadn't called a soul and he hadn't packed a thing. Can you explain that? The fact is there was no transfer order. Santiago wasn't going anywhere, isn't that right, Colonel.	ROSS	 Object. Your Honor, it's obvious that Lt. Kaffee's intention this morning is to smear a high ranking marine officer in the desperate hope that the mere appearance of impropriety will win him points with the jury. It's my recommendation, sir, that Lt. Kaffee receive an official reprimand from the bench, and that the witness be excused with the Court's deepest apologies.	RANDOLPH	 (pause) Overruled.	A Few Good Men 
ROSS	 Object. Your Honor, it's obvious that Lt. Kaffee's intention this morning is to smear a high ranking marine officer in the desperate hope that the mere appearance of impropriety will win him points with the jury. It's my recommendation, sir, that Lt. Kaffee receive an official reprimand from the bench, and that the witness be excused with the Court's deepest apologies.	RANDOLPH	 (pause) Overruled.	ROSS	 Your honor --	RANDOLPH	 The objection's noted.	A Few Good Men 
RANDOLPH	 The objection's noted.	KAFFEE	 (beat) Colonel?	KAFFEE	 (continuing) Is this funny, sir?	JESSEP	 No. It's not. It's tragic.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 Do you have an answer?	JESSEP	 Absolutely. My answer is I don't have the first damn clue. Maybe he was an early morning riser and he liked to pack in the nq. And maybe he didn't have any friends. I'm an educated man, but I'm afraid I can't speak intelligently about the travel habits of William Santiago.  What I do know is that he was set to leave the base at 0600. Now are these really the questions I was called here to answer? Phone calls and footlockers? Please tell me you've got something more, Lieutenant. Please tell me there's an ace up your sleeve. These two marines are on trial for their lives. Please tell me their lawyer hasn't pinned their hopes to a phone bill. (beat) Do you have any other questions for me, counselor?	RANDOLPH	 Lt. Kaffee?	RANDOLPH	 (continuing) Lieutenant, do you have anything further for this witness?	A Few Good Men 
RANDOLPH	 (continuing) Lieutenant, do you have anything further for this witness?	JESSEP	 (standing) Thanks, Danny. I love Washington.	KAFFEE	 Excuse me, I didn't dismiss you.	JESSEP	 I beg your pardon.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 What's that?	JESSEP	 (to RANDOLPH) I'd appreciate it if he addressed me as Colonel or Sir. I believe I've earned it.	RANDOLPH	 Defense counsel will address the witness as Colonel or Sir.	JESSEP	 (to RANDOLPH) I don't know what the hell kind of an outfit you're running here.	A Few Good Men 
RANDOLPH	 Defense counsel will address the witness as Colonel or Sir.	JESSEP	 (to RANDOLPH) I don't know what the hell kind of an outfit you're running here.	RANDOLPH	 And the witness will address this Court as Judge or Your Honor. I'm quite certain I've earned it. Take your seat, Colonel.	JESSEP	 (continuing) What would you like to discuss now! My favorite color?	A Few Good Men 
RANDOLPH	 And the witness will address this Court as Judge or Your Honor. I'm quite certain I've earned it. Take your seat, Colonel.	JESSEP	 (continuing) What would you like to discuss now! My favorite color?	KAFFEE	 Colonel, the six a.m. flight, was the first one off the base?	JESSEP	 Yes.	A Few Good Men 
RANDOLPH	 I don't understand. You're admitting evidence of a flight that never existed?	KAFFEE	 We believe it did, sir. (glancing at the paper, then motioning to the AIRMEN) Defense'll be calling Airman Cecil O'Malley and Airman Anthony Perez. They were working the ground crew at Andrews at two a.m. on the seventh.	ROSS	 Your Honor, these men weren't on the list. Rebuttal witnesses, Your Honor, called specifically to refute testimony offered under direct examination.	RANDOLPH	 I'll allow the witnesses.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 But that's not what you said. You said he was being transferred because he was in grave danger.	JESSEP	 (pause) Yes. That's correct, but --	KAFFEE	 You said, "He was in danger". I said, "Grave danger". You said --	JESSEP	 Yes, I recall what --	A Few Good Men 
JESSEP	 I know what I said. I don't need it read back to me like I'm a damn --	KAFFEE	 Then why the two orders? (beat) Colonel? (beat) Why did you --	JESSEP	 Sometimes men take matters into their own hands.	KAFFEE	 No sir. You made it clear just a moment ago that your men never take matters into their own hands. Your men follow orders or people die. So Santiago shouldn't have been in any danger at all, should he have, Colonel?	A Few Good Men 
JESSEP	 (continuing) Son, we live in a world that has walls. And those walls have to be guarded by men with guns. Who's gonna do it? You? You, Lt. Weinberg? I have a greater responsibility than you can possibly fathom. You weep for Santiago and you curse the marines. You have that luxury. You have the luxury of not knowing what I know: That Santiago's death, while tragic, probably saved lives. And my existence, while grotesque and incomprehensible to you, saves lives. (beat) You don't want the truth. Because deep down, in places you don't talk about at parties, you want me on that wall. You need me there. (boasting) We use words like honor, code, loyalty... we use these words as the backbone to a life spent defending something. You use 'em as a punchline. (beat) I have neither the time nor the inclination to explain myself to a man who rises and sleeps under the blanket of the very freedom I provide, then questions the manner in which I provide it. I'd prefer you just said thank you and went on your way. Otherwise, I suggest you pick up a weapon and stand a post. Either way, I don't give a damn what you think you're entitled to.	KAFFEE	 (quietly) Did you order the code red?	JESSEP	 (beat) I did the job you sent me to do.	KAFFEE	 Did you order the code red?	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 (quietly) Did you order the code red?	JESSEP	 (beat) I did the job you sent me to do.	KAFFEE	 Did you order the code red?	JESSEP	 (pause) You're goddamn right I did.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 Did you order the code red?	JESSEP	 (pause) You're goddamn right I did.	KAFFEE	 Please the court, I suggest the jury be dismissed so that we can move to an immediate Article 39a Session. The witness has rights.	RANDOLPH	 Lt. Ross?	A Few Good Men 
RANDOLPH	 Lt. Ross?	KAFFEE	 (as a friend) Jack.	RANDOLPH	 The Sergeant at Arms will take the jury to an ante-room where you'll wait until further instruction.	JESSEP	 What the hell's going on?	A Few Good Men 
ROSS	 Colonel Jessep, you have the right to remain silent. Any statement you do make can be used against you in a trial by court-martial or other judicial or administrative proceeding. You have the right...	JESSEP	 I'm being charged with a crime? I'm -- that's what this is -- (to Ross) Marine! (Ross keeps going) Marine!! (Ross is doing his job.) I'm being charged with a crime? I'm -- that's what's happening? This -- I'm -- this is funny, you know that, this is --	JESSEP	 (continuing; to Kaffee) I'm gonna tear your eyes right outta your head and piss in your dead skull. You fucked with the wrong marine.	ROSS	 Colonel Jessep, do you understand those rights as I have just read then to you?	A Few Good Men 
JESSEP	 (continuing) You fuckin' people. (beat) You have no idea how to defend a nation. (continuing; to KAFFEE) All you did was weaken a country today, Kaffee. That's all you did. You put people in danger. Sweet dreams, son.	KAFFEE	 Don't call me son. (beat) I'm a lawyer, and an officer of the United States Navy. And you're under arrest you sonofabitch.	KAFFEE	 (continuing) The witness is excused.			A Few Good Men 
JURY FOREMAN	 We have, sir.	RANDOLPH	 (reading) On the charge of Murder, the Members find the defendants Not Guilty.	RANDOLPH	 (continuing; reading) On the charge of Conspiracy to Commit Murder, the Members find the defendants Not Guilty.	RANDOLPH	 (continuing) On the charge of Conduct Unbecoming a United States Marine, the members find the defendants Guilty as Charged.	A Few Good Men 
DAWSON	 Sir!	KAFFEE	 (pause) You don't need to wear a patch on your arm to have honor.	DAWSON	 Ten-hut.	DAWSON	 (continuing) There's an officer on deck.	A Few Good Men 
KAFFEE	 Just pretty much generally annoying people?	JO	 Yeah. (pause) So what do you say? How 'bout a celebration?	KAFFEE	 No. How 'bout a date. A real date. Dinner. Attractive clothes. The works.	JO	 Sounds good.  Who do you think I should call?	A Few Good Men 
JO	 What are you gonna do now?	KAFFEE	 I'm gonna get started on Henry Williamson. (beat) Stand my post for a while.	JO	 Wear matching socks.	THE END		A Few Good Men 
