DANNY	 You put the- The old man holds up one hand.	PRINCIPAL	 In ivrit. (In Hebrew)	DANNY	 Um... The old man looks down at the little earpiece pinched between two fingers. He examines it as a superstitious native might a Coca-Cola bottle. The source of the electrical hum: a wall clock whose red sweep-second hand crawls around the dial very, very slowly. The Reb continues to squint at the earpiece. DANNY sighs. He encourages:	DANNY	 Yeah, you- The principal's tone is harder:	A Serious Man 
SY	 Oh fine. Shall we talk LARRY. LARRY reacts to the money.	LARRY	 (into phone) What?! Oh! Sorry! I, uh-call back! He slams down the phone.	. CLIVE!	 He rushes out the door, through the secretarial area, and into the hallway, and looks up toward the elevators. Empty. He looks at the stuffed envelope he still holds. He goes back to the departmental office. The secretary sits typing. She glances at him and, as she goes back to her typing:	SECRETARY	 Sy Ableman just called. Said he got disconnected.	A Serious Man 
LARRY	 . Meer sir my sir?	CLIVE	 (careful enunciation) Mere... surmise. Sir. He gravely shakes his head. . Very uncertain.	CLOSE ON A TONE ARM	 A hand lays it onto a slowly spinning vinyl record. Through scratches and pops, a solo tenor starts a mournful Hebrew chant. Close on the sleeve: Rabbi Youssele Rosenblatt Chants Your Haftorah Portion	VOLUME 12	 Rabbi Youssele wears a caftan and a felt hat and has sad eyes. They peer out from the dark beard that covers most of the rest of his face like owl's eyes peering out of the woods. Wider, on DANNY, in his bedroom, evening. He lifts the tone arm on the portable turntable. He chants the passage. He drops the tone arm at the same place; Rabbi Youssele chants the passage again. DANNY listens, eyes narrowed. He lifts the tone arm and chants the passage again. He replays the passage again; before he can lift the tone arm to echo it his door bursts open. Rabbi Youssele continues to chant.	A Serious Man 
MITCH	 Ow. LARRY's look travels: his point-of-view pans slowly off the steep angle of father and son playing catch, travels across his own backyard, and brings in the white fence that encloses the patio of the neighbor on the other side. Gar (off) Good toss, Mitch. On the enclosed patio a woman reclines on a lawn chaise of nylon bands woven over an aluminum frame. She is on her back, eyes closed against the sun. She is naked. Mitch (off) Ow. LARRY reacts to the naked woman: startled at first, he moves to hide behind the peak of the roof. But as he realizes that the sun keeps the woman's eyes closed he relaxes, continu- ing to stare. She is attractive. Not young, not old: LARRY's age. Peaceful. After a still beat one of her hands gropes blindly to the side. It finds an ashtray on the table next to her and takes from it a pluming cigarette. The woman takes a puff and replaces it. Mitch (off) Ow. F Troop. Cantorial singing. Blue sky and white puffy clouds. The sound of a pencil scratching against paper.	NOTEBOOK	 A pencil scratches equations into a lamplit spiral notebook. Sidor Belarsky comes in at the cut. So does the spluttering suck-sound of Uncle Arthur's evacuator. Wider on Uncle Arthur, in his pyjamas, propped up on the narrow fold-out sofa, writing with one hand as he holds the evacuator hose to his neck with the other. Squeezed into the living room next to the fold-out sofa is a camp cot of plaid-patterned nylon stretched over an aluminum frame. On the camp cot is LARRY, lying half-in, half- out of a rumpled sleeping bag. He stares at the ceiling, a damp washcloth pressed against his forehead. His face is flaming red. Arthur speaks absently as he scribbles:	ARTHUR	 Will you read this? Tell me what you think? LARRY continues to stare at the ceiling.			A Serious Man 
DANNY	 Nothing.	IN THE HOUSE	 As LARRY enters. Judith (ofj)	LARRY?		LARRY		A Serious Man 
LARRY		(PROJECTING)	 Yeah? Judith (ofj) Did you go to Sieglestein Schlutz? No, I-not yet.	SARAH	 I'm going to the hole.	LARRY	 At five o'clock? He looks out the front-door window. Four girls of SARAH's age are coming up the walk	A Serious Man 
JUDITH	 I've beamed you to see the lawyer.	LARRY	 (teeth grit) I told you, I'm going Monday.	SY	 Monday is timely! This isn't-please!-Embers isn't the forum for legalities, you are so right!	JUDITH	 Hmph.	A Serious Man 
GOPNIK KITCHEN	 We hear the front door being flung open and slammed shut, and in the background foyer DANNY appears, panting heavily. He gives one glance back toward the front door and then looks at his mother and sister eating soup in the foreground. His sister has a towel wrapped turbanlike around her head. She holds it with one hand to keep it from tipping off when she tilts her head down for the soup.	DANNY	 (still panting) We eating already?	SARAH	 I'm going to the hole. DANNY enters the kitchen and sits at the setting across from his sister. He picks up his spoon. Some movement in SARAH's body; DANNY recoils from a kick.	DANNY	 Ow! Cut it out!	A Serious Man 
LARRY	 Well-isn't that why you're telling me? Rabbi Nachtner Mm. Okay. Nachtner says, look.. . We are back in the scene, narrated by voice-over, of the Rabbi silently advising the fretful Sussman. . The teeth, we don't know. A sign from Hashem, don't know. Helping others, couldn't hurt. LARRY's voice-over question plays over Sussman asking the same thing: LARRY (of]) But is that what it meant?-tet resh nun lamed nun shin isayin, was it "Help me"? or a number? Or was it Rabbi Nachtner (off) We can't know everything. Sussman stares blankly at the Rabbi. A beat. LARRY (of]) It sounds like you don't know Mthing!	THE RABBI	 Smiling equably at LARRY. He reacts to the ejaculation with a shrug. LARRY scowls.	LARRY	 Why even tell me the story? Rabbi Nachtner			A Serious Man 
COP 1	 Is that Arthur Gopnik? Arthur ducks away. From inside the living room: DANNY (off) Dad? What's going on?	LARRY	 Can you tell me what's going on. We're sitting shiva here.	COP 1	 You're what.			A Serious Man 
SARAH	 Why give him the money?! You know what he spends it on?	LARRY	 (knowing nod) I know about the records.	SARAH	 Records?! You think he buys records from Mike Fagle? Movement in DANNY's body; SARAH recoils from a kick. . Ow! Little brat!	LARRY	 Hey! What's going on!	A Serious Man 
DON	 . Have you seen the Rabbi?	LARRY	 (muffled again) Talked to Nachtner.	DON	 You should talk to Minda.	LARRY	 They told me Minda doesn't do pastoral work any more. Just.. . ceremonial.	A Serious Man 
