MINDA	 hoto-portrait on the wall of Mar Turchik's office lit by day sun. ar a scraping sound. fishes the end of a bent hanger into the keyhole on the rifle the gewgaws: no radio. wearing his a few beats of walking, the front door of a house just a beat we hear, faint and dulled, the Jefferson Airplane.	WHITE CLOUDS	 ckingly blue sky with picture-perfect clouds hanging in a beat the top of an aluminum extension ladder swings in and comes toward us. enter. LARRY's head enters. the trees. gingerly walks up to the aerial at the peak of the roof. reaches the peak and straddles it. He looks down at the ringing tenor sings in drops his hand. Inertia keeps the aerial rotating slowly reaches out again to turn the aerial. The same crystal of father and son woven over an (off) reacts to the naked woman: startled at first, he moves But as he realizes that the sun keeps the woman's eyes a still beat one of her hands gropes blindly to the side. next to her and takes from it a pluming cigarette. The takes a puff and (off) Belarsky comes in at the cut. So does the spluttering suck-sound on Uncle Arthur, in his pyjamas, propped up on the narrow stretched over an aluminum frame. On the camp cot is LARRY, half-in, half- continues to stare at the ceiling. Arthur glances up from the notebook, focuses on LARRY. still stares at the ceiling. He shifts his weight. The fishes his watch from the jumble of clothes on the floor: Arthur snores pulls back a curtain. see some hustle, Mitch.					A-Serious-Man
SCOTT'S OFFICE	 minutes later. LARRY sits tensely hunched forward facing Scott. Scott Scott Gett. Uh-huh, sure. know which end is up. I'm not even sure how to Scott Scott Scott Scott hoping that... Rabbi Nachtner... Scott with the benefit of his life experience... no Scott chuckles. Scott any more, He's gone. But that's not the case. You a different angle on the same parking lot we saw from the familiar with these... autos and such... somebody with a capacity for wonder... Someone with a fresh... Scott she's, she's seeing Sy Ableman. Scott Scott Scott they do need a Gett to remarry in the faith. But this Scott Scott gazes out, marveling. races up to the house: DANNY. appears, panting heavily. He gives one glance back toward enters the kitchen and sits at the setting across from a couple slurps: these circumstances. the way I look at it, it's an opportunity for me to afresh instead of just, you know, settling for the legally, I have to warn you, it's never easy for the okay, still-this changes the complexion, LARRY! Sy Don stares blankly at LARRY. clears his throat. Well. On the other thing, the neighbor's property I've asked Solomon Schlutz to take a look. There's Good. How do you-I guess I'm a little worried, me for instance, bill at punches a button on a row of four on the conference-room stares. sleeps in one of the twin beds; Uncle Arthur snores in Arthur's breath snags and tangles on a snorfling inhale stirs. The sound of Uncle Arthur urinating. LARRY looks stiffly rises. He takes the two steps across the room to is driving, hollow-eyed, to work. a long beat of staring, the ka-ching of a bicycle bell. looks at him in the rear-view. enters the outer office, hugging his paper-stuffed briefcase live at the Jolly Roger. yes, Lawrence Gopnik, yes. well, you received your twelve introductory albums something is very wrong! I don't want Santana Good. Well, you had fourteen days to listen to look, I have to call you back, this is, this is I'm F Troop? enters. We can hear weeping, semi-hysterical, from somewhere enters. a beat in black, a white title: a long beat: Somebody has to pay for Sy's funeral. Nachtner, sitting opposite, nods. Nachtner wrecked the car, and DANNY's bar mitzvah... I... Nachtner Nachtner Nachtner Nachtner Nachtner I-What goy? Nachtner Nachtner next to the Gold Eagle Cleaners. Nachtner continues in voice-over as we cut to a smoked door that identifies Nachtner lower-that overflow an oozing white goo. is twisted over the side of the chair spitting into the mold. He notices seems to be something engraved on the inside of the Nachtner Nachtner It's not Kraus's name. of the mold. It pans on Kraus grinning as he shakes Sussman's hand in the reception Sussman it is. "Help me"? Sussman stares into space. off the shelf. in his own mouth... on Sussman in front of a mirror straining to see the reflection maybe, no Rabbi Minda, but he knows a thing or two on the paper: the Hebrew letters have been transcribed digits-a phone number maybe? Nachtner have I called? The Red Owl. In Bloomington. is an old, rather nondescript stain of some liquid splatted where you're sitting now. seen LARRY me." I, Sussman, should be doing something to help Nachtner Nachtner Nachtner teeth, we don't know. A sign from Hashem, don't Helping others, couldn't hurt. (of]) Nachtner (off) (of]) scowls. Nachtner I should tell you, then I shouldn't. Nachtner while he checked every patient's teeth for new Nachtner Nachtner smiles at LARRY for a beat. Nachtner rubs his face, frustrated. Nachtner's forebearing smile fades into puzzlement. Nachtner	NACHTNER	 ose-up he gazes around, weighing the effect of the words delivered. a long beat during which he seeks to establish eye contact Nachtner shows Rabbi Nachtner up on the bema. He and the congregation sits among the congregants, his gaze fixed on a point off. rows ahead looking to his duty, as he saw it. Where does such a man tzadik-who knows, maybe even a lamid vovnik-a such a serious man... simply... disappear? the rabbi gazes around, as if awaiting answer. in the soul of this community which nurtured Sy echoes through the sanctuary. looks at Judith, who stifles further sobs with a handkerchief. is momentarily dumb. Inside the house we can see a corner you Arthur Gopnik? (off) Tell Gopnik-you know, Arthur Gopnik-he's um... looks back and forth between them. Little brat! enters to look down at DANNY's back. Beyond him F Troop retained Barney Silver at Tuchman, Marsh. This is a, are not pleasant people. Judith is free of course to raises his head, squinting against the light. yeah you better open an account in your name only, we stand. Well, yes, this is definitely, um, adversarial. The thing we-are you all right? is wincing as he rubs a forearm under his shirtsleeve. For... perspective. him an appraising told me Minda doesn't do pastoral work any more. nods miserably. raises his head. gives a helpless shrug. Solomon Schlutz. good! Sol, come on in. has been looking into the property-line issues.. . takes the pipe out of his mouth, gives LARRY a smile that to take some effort, returns a bewildered look. front. frantically waves. He walks into the outer office clutching his briefcase, eyes shell-shocked. The sits in heavily behind his desk. Finkle stands in the doorway. sits frozen with the white envelope in his hands. Finkle you. I'm fine. Finkle looks at him, shocked. Finkle Finkle Finkle Finkle calms somewhat. Finkle Okay. We, uh, we decide on Wednesday, so if Finkle Anything. Published work. Anything else you've Finkle Finkle Finkle anonymous- Finkle Okay. Wednesday. Finkle Don't worry. Doing nothing is not bad. Ipso facto. that means... so that... from which we derive... also.. which lets us... and... as he finishes and straightens up, revealing that he has off balance figure at the right edge of frame. claps chalk dust from his hands. Uncertainty Principle. It proves we can't ever LARRY projects over does not seem surprised to see him. you follow that? it might be that, in, you know, in L'olam ha-bah- serious man, LARRY. into the chalkboard. Now he grabs LARRY by the hair and his head against looks blearily over. Arthur's cyst to go away just as the door opens to reveal an attractive the sunbathing stands nodding. I help you? Wanna come in? entering. the outside glare the house does indeed seem cooler. LARRY around the living dim but neat. Wavering light sifts through closed vertical over floor-vented air-conditioning. shrugs off the compliment.	I-	 Samsky you sit down? of the ice cubes joins the clicking of the blinds. that's an understatement I guess, I -thank you-I, stares at her. Mrs. Samsky gazes back. Her look displays handles the bitty cigarette with trepidation. stares at them. a long beat: Rabbi Scott was right. Rabbi Scott? projects louder- takes the stoop steps two at a time. His door stands open issues from within. What did he do! is brought up short. didn't do anything! North Dakota! Who's- good? expensive? is making strenuous love to Mrs. Samsky. God, Mrs. Samsky... panics. He hisses: is it? on LARRY as he opens his eyes. A shadow falls across his a steady rhythm. Grace Slick's voice enters: "Somebody bolts upright in bed. Arthur is snoring in the tatty motel room's other bed. of tsuris lately. Marital problems. Professional. You serious-I'm, uh, I've tried to be a serious man. You tried to do right, be a member of the community, the, raise the, DANNY, SARAH, they both go to school, need help. Please. I need help. a moment she rises, goes to the door behind her, opens inner office. cranes to see past her. Her own body and the dimness interfere and sits heavily, behind her own desk. Belarsky comes in at the cut. stirs. He opens his eyes. a groggy beat he reacts to the weeping. He looks over. leaps from his bed, also in his underwear. Arthur is hunched weeping in a corner of the pool enclosure. me bupkes. blame me! You fucker! looks around. and Arthur are driving. We are looking at the two of them God. Where did you get this? me know how to get in touch. As he drifts off: waves. back again with a last thought. He calls: spurts from the back of Uncle Arthur's neck. looks wildly around. He sees: swings his rifle toward us. dawn. gazes around the room, waiting for things to fall into blinks sleep away. a beat: of two young men standing inside. that fucker. takes his place centered behind the lectern. His chin comes the bottom of push DANNY up onto the riser. silken tassel. looks at the bouncing tassel. He looks at the little pointing watches himself point the yad down at the scroll. is still staring at the end of the yad against the parchment looks up from the scrolls. looks over. looks back down at the scroll. A hand enters to tap a pointing suddenly erupts: continues to boom out the torah portion. He moves the yad the line of squeezes the hand Judith has laced through his arm. whispers: has been ensconced in a highbacked chair upstage on the Christ.. . stands behind the left lectern facing Rabbi Nachtner who a small kiddush in a reception downstairs in Schanfield Hall. And shabbas of a long and fruitful life, and, until that is an old man staring at him from behind a bare desktop. creeps to the chair facing the desk. He gingerly sits on breathes regularly through his mouth. It is the only sound smacks his lips a couple of times, preparing to speak. all the hope. Within you dies. doesn't answer. It is unclear whether the question was clears his throat with a loud and thorough hawking. DANNY's radio. is at his desk sorting through mail. Finkle (off was magnificent. looks up: Arlen is leaning in his accustomed spot in the Finkle tov. It was wonderful. Finkle I will. Finkle shoves off to go, but hesitates. Finkle nods. Finkle stares at him. you, Arlen. Finkle are two pieces of paper. Topmost is a letter headed RETAINER has a book tilted towards him on his desktop. It hides from off her stack of copies. on a printed detail: PAYABLE: and, typed underneath: Upon staring down at his desktop. drums his fingers. closes the file. Just as he does so: looks at it, frozen. sits frozen, phone to his ear. still has his radio with the earpiece in. The cars behind is looking across the lot in which orange school busses very deep. sees a shaggy-haired youth among the milling students. up full.	THE END		A-Serious-Man
NACHTNER	 ose-up he gazes around, weighing the effect of the words delivered. a long beat during which he seeks to establish eye contact Nachtner shows Rabbi Nachtner up on the bema. He and the congregation sits among the congregants, his gaze fixed on a point off. rows ahead looking to his duty, as he saw it. Where does such a man tzadik-who knows, maybe even a lamid vovnik-a such a serious man... simply... disappear? the rabbi gazes around, as if awaiting answer. in the soul of this community which nurtured Sy echoes through the sanctuary. looks at Judith, who stifles further sobs with a handkerchief. is momentarily dumb. Inside the house we can see a corner you Arthur Gopnik? (off) Tell Gopnik-you know, Arthur Gopnik-he's um... looks back and forth between them. Little brat! enters to look down at DANNY's back. Beyond him F Troop retained Barney Silver at Tuchman, Marsh. This is a, are not pleasant people. Judith is free of course to raises his head, squinting against the light. yeah you better open an account in your name only, we stand. Well, yes, this is definitely, um, adversarial. The thing we-are you all right? is wincing as he rubs a forearm under his shirtsleeve. For... perspective. him an appraising told me Minda doesn't do pastoral work any more. nods miserably. raises his head. gives a helpless shrug. Solomon Schlutz. good! Sol, come on in. has been looking into the property-line issues.. . takes the pipe out of his mouth, gives LARRY a smile that to take some effort, returns a bewildered look. front. frantically waves. He walks into the outer office clutching his briefcase, eyes shell-shocked. The sits in heavily behind his desk. Finkle stands in the doorway. sits frozen with the white envelope in his hands. Finkle you. I'm fine. Finkle looks at him, shocked. Finkle Finkle Finkle Finkle calms somewhat. Finkle Okay. We, uh, we decide on Wednesday, so if Finkle Anything. Published work. Anything else you've Finkle Finkle Finkle anonymous- Finkle Okay. Wednesday. Finkle Don't worry. Doing nothing is not bad. Ipso facto. that means... so that... from which we derive... also.. which lets us... and... as he finishes and straightens up, revealing that he has off balance figure at the right edge of frame. claps chalk dust from his hands. Uncertainty Principle. It proves we can't ever LARRY projects over does not seem surprised to see him. you follow that? it might be that, in, you know, in L'olam ha-bah- serious man, LARRY. into the chalkboard. Now he grabs LARRY by the hair and his head against looks blearily over. Arthur's cyst to go away just as the door opens to reveal an attractive the sunbathing stands nodding. I help you? Wanna come in? entering. the outside glare the house does indeed seem cooler. LARRY around the living dim but neat. Wavering light sifts through closed vertical over floor-vented air-conditioning. shrugs off the compliment.	I-	 Samsky you sit down? of the ice cubes joins the clicking of the blinds. that's an understatement I guess, I -thank you-I, stares at her. Mrs. Samsky gazes back. Her look displays handles the bitty cigarette with trepidation. stares at them. a long beat: Rabbi Scott was right. Rabbi Scott? projects louder- takes the stoop steps two at a time. His door stands open issues from within. What did he do! is brought up short. didn't do anything! North Dakota! Who's- good? expensive? is making strenuous love to Mrs. Samsky. God, Mrs. Samsky... panics. He hisses: is it? on LARRY as he opens his eyes. A shadow falls across his a steady rhythm. Grace Slick's voice enters: "Somebody bolts upright in bed. Arthur is snoring in the tatty motel room's other bed. of tsuris lately. Marital problems. Professional. You serious-I'm, uh, I've tried to be a serious man. You tried to do right, be a member of the community, the, raise the, DANNY, SARAH, they both go to school, need help. Please. I need help. a moment she rises, goes to the door behind her, opens inner office. cranes to see past her. Her own body and the dimness interfere and sits heavily, behind her own desk. Belarsky comes in at the cut. stirs. He opens his eyes. a groggy beat he reacts to the weeping. He looks over. leaps from his bed, also in his underwear. Arthur is hunched weeping in a corner of the pool enclosure. me bupkes. blame me! You fucker! looks around. and Arthur are driving. We are looking at the two of them God. Where did you get this? me know how to get in touch. As he drifts off: waves. back again with a last thought. He calls: spurts from the back of Uncle Arthur's neck. looks wildly around. He sees: swings his rifle toward us. dawn. gazes around the room, waiting for things to fall into blinks sleep away. a beat: of two young men standing inside. that fucker. takes his place centered behind the lectern. His chin comes the bottom of push DANNY up onto the riser. silken tassel. looks at the bouncing tassel. He looks at the little pointing watches himself point the yad down at the scroll. is still staring at the end of the yad against the parchment looks up from the scrolls. looks over. looks back down at the scroll. A hand enters to tap a pointing suddenly erupts: continues to boom out the torah portion. He moves the yad the line of squeezes the hand Judith has laced through his arm. whispers: has been ensconced in a highbacked chair upstage on the Christ.. . stands behind the left lectern facing Rabbi Nachtner who a small kiddush in a reception downstairs in Schanfield Hall. And shabbas of a long and fruitful life, and, until that is an old man staring at him from behind a bare desktop. creeps to the chair facing the desk. He gingerly sits on breathes regularly through his mouth. It is the only sound smacks his lips a couple of times, preparing to speak. all the hope. Within you dies. doesn't answer. It is unclear whether the question was clears his throat with a loud and thorough hawking. DANNY's radio. is at his desk sorting through mail. Finkle (off was magnificent. looks up: Arlen is leaning in his accustomed spot in the Finkle tov. It was wonderful. Finkle I will. Finkle shoves off to go, but hesitates. Finkle nods. Finkle stares at him. you, Arlen. Finkle are two pieces of paper. Topmost is a letter headed RETAINER has a book tilted towards him on his desktop. It hides from off her stack of copies. on a printed detail: PAYABLE: and, typed underneath: Upon staring down at his desktop. drums his fingers. closes the file. Just as he does so: looks at it, frozen. sits frozen, phone to his ear. still has his radio with the earpiece in. The cars behind is looking across the lot in which orange school busses very deep. sees a shaggy-haired youth among the milling students. up full.	THE END				A-Serious-Man
