GIRL STUDENT	 You work with your hands, don't you? An enigmatic smile.    Now, from that -- A nice working class part of town. Nothing fancy here but there's a pleasant feel. The streets are clean, the houses neat and well tended. Luther, carrying his sketchbook, walks along. It's afternoon now. Up ahead is a local bar: RED'S. Luther walks in. Nothing fancy here. Strictly working class. And relatively empty. An overweight bald man Luther's age works behind the bar. This is RED. They are good enough friends not to ask each other questions.	LUTHER	 (as they nod to each other) Redhead.	RED	 Luther. (as Luther hands him a videotape) Your life would be a whole lot simpler if you could learn to operate a V.C.R.	LUTHER	 My only failing. As he turns -- A street of   small row houses. Clean, well tended. Luther walks   toward one. Later in the afternoon. He carries half   a dozen small shopping bags, from the market, the   hardware store, the drug store, the cleaners.	Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 (as they nod to each other) Redhead.	RED	 Luther. (as Luther hands him a videotape) Your life would be a whole lot simpler if you could learn to operate a V.C.R.	LUTHER	 My only failing. As he turns -- A street of   small row houses. Clean, well tended. Luther walks   toward one. Later in the afternoon. He carries half   a dozen small shopping bags, from the market, the   hardware store, the drug store, the cleaners. A terra cotta planter to the right of the front door. Luther shifts his packages, tilts the planter slightly, bends down, pulls out a key, inserts it in the front door. as he enters. Neat, tidy. A Cuisinart, a cheese slicer, lots of other nice equipment. As he begins putting food away -- Evening now. Table set for one. A single candle. Beside the candle is Luther's sketch pad. Now Luther himself moves INTO VIEW, carrying a tray. He puts it down. A gorgeous omelet is on a fine china plate, parsley sprinkled neatly on top. An elegant green salad is on another plate, covered with thinly sliced parmesan cheese. An expensive water pitcher, a lovely glass. Clearly, a great deal of thought has gone into dinner. Luther lights the single candle. We are now aware of a photograph nearby. The picture is old. A pretty little girl stands in the center, smiling. Her mother stands alongside, smiling too. A man is with them, looking at them happily. It's Luther. When he was young. Luther studies the photo a moment.    Then he turns, looks out the window. is visible.     Lovely.   Peaceful. Now Luther opens the sketch pad, quickly flips past the hands and eyes and faces -- -- we are looking at something totally different:   a mansion. HOLD ON Luther's drawing of the mansion.			Absolute-Power
BURTON	 Jesus, Tim, what did we do?	COLLIN	 (echoing Burton) No choice in the matter. Luther, staring at it all. The shock is still there but so is something new: anger. And on that -- GLORIA RUSSELL moving through the bedroom door. Russell's 40, well-dressed, attractive and very smart. Now she sees what's happened, stops dead. Now she moves forward, looks at Burton and Collin.    It's very clear from the outset: these three are not friendly.	RUSSELL	 (to Burton and Collin) Do you realize what a shitstorm we're in? (beat) Go on -- tell me.	COLLIN	 Nothing to tell. He screamed.	Absolute-Power
COLLIN	 (echoing Burton) No choice in the matter. Luther, staring at it all. The shock is still there but so is something new: anger. And on that -- GLORIA RUSSELL moving through the bedroom door. Russell's 40, well-dressed, attractive and very smart. Now she sees what's happened, stops dead. Now she moves forward, looks at Burton and Collin.    It's very clear from the outset: these three are not friendly.	RUSSELL	 (to Burton and Collin) Do you realize what a shitstorm we're in? (beat) Go on -- tell me.	COLLIN	 Nothing to tell. He screamed.	RUSSELL	 And you heard no sounds of violence 'til then?	Absolute-Power
RUSSELL	 And you heard no sounds of violence 'til then?	BURTON	 (beat) Nothing we haven't heard before. Richmond, on the bed, out. Russell studies his face as Burton moves toward the telephone.	BURTON	 Maybe I should call the police now.	RUSSELL	 (soft) Bill?     Why don't you think about that? (beat -- starting to move toward him) Take a second and just think about that. (closing in on Burton, furious) Think... real... fucking... hard.	Absolute-Power
BURTON	 Maybe I should call the police now.	RUSSELL	 (soft) Bill?     Why don't you think about that? (beat -- starting to move toward him) Take a second and just think about that. (closing in on Burton, furious) Think... real... fucking... hard.	BURTON                                                           *	 He is strong enough to snap her neck with one hand.	BURTON	 (backing away) Probably not a good idea.	Absolute-Power
BURTON	 (backing away) Probably not a good idea.	RUSSELL	 (taking charge) Okay -- here's what happened tonight -- poor Christy came home alone and interrupted a burglary. That sound logical? Luther in the closet.    He nods. Burton and Collin nod, too.	RUSSELL	 We're going to have to sanitize this place. (shaking Richmond) Alan, did you have sex with her? Richmond, eyes barely open.			Absolute-Power
BURTON	 I'm no gynecologist.	RUSSELL	 (she takes nothing from nobody) I just made you one. End of discussion. A clock on the side table beside the three clickers. There is the sound of a VACUUM -- it's later now. The place is incredibly changed. Christy is lying as before -- except now she is fully dressed. The bed has been made with clean sheets. There is a large black garbage bag that Collin shoves the sheets in, dumps in Christy's jewelry. Burton is VACUUMING the rug. Richmond is visible, still in terrible shape, finishing putting his clothes on in the open master bedroom. Everyone wears gloves. Everything that is incriminating is gone -- -- except the letter opener, which has been put in a clear plastic bag. Collin reaches for it, starts to dump it in along with the sheets and the jewelry.	RUSSELL	 I'll take that.			Absolute-Power
RUSSELL	 I'll take that.	COLLIN	 (surprised) It's got their prints on it.	RUSSELL	 (she holds out her hand) Thanks for sharing. Collin glances at Burton, shrugs, hands it over. Russell puts it in her handbag, puts the handbag on the bed table when suddenly -- Richmond, careening into the room, wide-eyed, crying out --	RICHMOND	 Gloria -- I killed her -- Russell, turning, shocked as Richmond bears down -- -- she holds out her arms for him, but he is staggering and he collides hard with her, spins against the wall, uses the bed table to try to steady himself. Luther, stunned, staring. What he's staring at: the letter opener has spilled from her open purse and fallen behind the bed, out of sight. Russell, calm, going to Richmond, starting to lead him from the room --	Absolute-Power
COLLIN	 (surprised) It's got their prints on it.	RUSSELL	 (she holds out her hand) Thanks for sharing. Collin glances at Burton, shrugs, hands it over. Russell puts it in her handbag, puts the handbag on the bed table when suddenly -- Richmond, careening into the room, wide-eyed, crying out --	RICHMOND	 Gloria -- I killed her -- Russell, turning, shocked as Richmond bears down -- -- she holds out her arms for him, but he is staggering and he collides hard with her, spins against the wall, uses the bed table to try to steady himself. Luther, stunned, staring. What he's staring at: the letter opener has spilled from her open purse and fallen behind the bed, out of sight. Russell, calm, going to Richmond, starting to lead him from the room --	RUSSELL	 It's all going to be fine, Alan.	Absolute-Power
RUSSELL	 ... I'll take care of everything just like I always do. (to Burton and Collin) Gentlemen? She gestures to leave. Burton and Collin finish up -- Collin grabs the large plastic bag. Burton glances around one final time and backs toward the door, vacuuming carefully. Then -- Collin stops dead.   He stares across at the bed table. Luther, holding his breath.	COLLIN	 Shit.	BURTON	 What? In reply, Collin dashes back toward the bed table, grabs Russell's purse, snaps it shut, tucks it under one arm and leaves. Burton flicks the light out, closes the door. The room is lit by moonlight now. Christy looks beautiful and still. HOLD for a moment. It's open and Russell leads a staggering Richmond outside. Two dark Towncars are parked in the driveway. Burton is behind them, turning off all lights. Collin is last, with Russell's purse, the garbage bag. As he follows them outside, he closes the front door firmly -- it makes a loud, solid sound. The sound is barely audible.   He has been looking at his watch --			Absolute-Power
COLLIN	 (still the smile) I got his license number. Now on that -- Russell -- back in the bedroom, with Burton and Collin who are moving around constantly, checking the place out. Things are just amazingly tense.	RUSSELL	 (close to losing it) Gee, guys, maybe it was the bogeyman -- don't forget to check under the bed -- (exploding) -- You may have buried us! --	COLLIN	 -- relax, I got his license number, remember? --	RUSSELL	 (whirling on him) -- you think he's going to just sit around waiting for us? -- Asshole --	Absolute-Power
COLLIN	 -- relax, I got his license number, remember? --	RUSSELL	 (whirling on him) -- you think he's going to just sit around waiting for us? -- Asshole --	COLLIN	 -- take it easy, Miss Russell --			Absolute-Power
BURTON	 Oh boy... Burton and Collin with a crowbar, working at the mirror. The MIRROR; there is a TEAR and a POP and it swings open. All three going inside, looking around.    The chair, the looted shelves. The truth thuds home. Russell turns, looks out at the bedroom through the door.	RUSSELL	 (dead) A two-way mirror. Silently, they move out into the bedroom.	COLLIN	 -- I better get cracking on that license number --	RUSSELL	 (no anger now) -- it's all we've got -- and he's got the letter opener -- blood, fingerprints -- Jesus, think what he can do --	Absolute-Power
COLLIN	 -- I better get cracking on that license number --	RUSSELL	 (no anger now) -- it's all we've got -- and he's got the letter opener -- blood, fingerprints -- Jesus, think what he can do --	BURTON	 (a powerful man who speaks softly) -- the man is a thief -- a thief who witnessed a murder --			Absolute-Power
RUSSELL	 (no anger now) -- it's all we've got -- and he's got the letter opener -- blood, fingerprints -- Jesus, think what he can do --	BURTON	 (a powerful man who speaks softly) -- the man is a thief -- a thief who witnessed a murder --	BURTON (CONT'D)	 (gesturing around) -- it looks like he stole a whole bunch of money -- I'll tell you what he's going to do. (beat) He's going to run like hell. And on that -- The saddest eyes you ever saw. It's the next morning and Luther is back at the same old stand, looking at El Greco. The other art students are there too. So are the suburban housewives. Everything is as it was -- calm and peaceful -- -- now a museum guard moves into the doorway, scanning the room. Luther -- a quick glance over, then back to his sketchbook -- and from that glance it's clear all is not calm and peaceful. The guard checks the room again. Edgy, Luther still works away. The guard leaves. Luther gets set to do the same. Red, alone in his empty bar, sipping coffee.    It's before the place has opened for the day. Luther comes in the back.    Red slides the videocassette over, Luther pockets it.			Absolute-Power
BURTON (CONT'D)	 (gesturing around) -- it looks like he stole a whole bunch of money -- I'll tell you what he's going to do. (beat) He's going to run like hell. And on that -- The saddest eyes you ever saw. It's the next morning and Luther is back at the same old stand, looking at El Greco. The other art students are there too. So are the suburban housewives. Everything is as it was -- calm and peaceful -- -- now a museum guard moves into the doorway, scanning the room. Luther -- a quick glance over, then back to his sketchbook -- and from that glance it's clear all is not calm and peaceful. The guard checks the room again. Edgy, Luther still works away. The guard leaves. Luther gets set to do the same. Red, alone in his empty bar, sipping coffee.    It's before the place has opened for the day. Luther comes in the back.    Red slides the videocassette over, Luther pockets it.	RED	 Jordan beat us at the buzzer.	LUTHER	 Bad night. And as he turns, goes --			Absolute-Power
KATE	 About?	LUTHER	 Believe it or not, the weather. (as she waits) Nights are starting to get cold.	KATE	 That happens this time of year. Luther speaks quickly now, his voice low.	LUTHER	 I was thinking of maybe relocating. Someplace with a kinder climate. (nothing shows on her face) I just wanted to check it out with you first... (still nothing) ... you're the only family I've got. And on that -- Kate speaks quickly now, her voice low.	Absolute-Power
KATE	 That happens this time of year. Luther speaks quickly now, his voice low.	LUTHER	 I was thinking of maybe relocating. Someplace with a kinder climate. (nothing shows on her face) I just wanted to check it out with you first... (still nothing) ... you're the only family I've got. And on that -- Kate speaks quickly now, her voice low.	KATE	 Luther, you don't have me. The last words in this world he wanted to hear, but you can't tell from his face.	LUTHER	 Kate --	Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 This move -- I'm talking permanent, you understand.	KATE	 We don't see each other anyway -- we haven't seen each other since Mom died and that's a year. (a step toward him) Look, you chose your life. You had that right. You were never around for me. Fine. But I have no plans to be around for you. And now she stops, turns away toward the path -- -- Luther can say nothing, watches her -- -- then she spins back --	KATE	 (louder now) -- wait a minute -- you're lying about something, aren't you? --	LUTHER	 -- no --	Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 -- no -- Kate moves in close now --	KATE	 -- I don't believe you -- (big) -- Christ, Father, what have you done? And on those words -- Christy Sullivan's body. We're back in the master bedroom but now there is a lot of police activity -- people work around the corpse. The place is covered with black fingerprint powder. SETH FRANK moves into the room -- Bogart at 40. Chief Homicide Detective of Middleton County, Virginia but he had a decade of top work in New York City. Bright, funny, and tough enough for anything you want to throw at him. He kneels beside the body next to an older man. This is the MEDICAL EXAMINER, fat and bored. Seth studies Christy; sadly shakes his head.	SETH	 Christy Sullivan?	MEDICAL EXAMINER	 (nods) Wife of Walter -- most likely came home and stumbled onto a burglary --	Absolute-Power
SETH	 Christy Sullivan?	MEDICAL EXAMINER	 (nods) Wife of Walter -- most likely came home and stumbled onto a burglary --	WOMAN (O.S.)	 -- some burglary. LAURA SIMON. Laura is early 30s, and the best lab technician Seth has ever known, and he knew some good ones in New York.	LAURA SIMON	 I wish my carpets were this clean. And I can't find a single decent                        * fingerprint.	Absolute-Power
SETH	 You serious, Laura?	LAURA SIMON	 (bewildered) It's like Mary Poppins was here.	SETH	 Could someone have let him in?	LAURA SIMON	 Sorry, Seth, but the entire Sullivan household went to Barbados two days ago.	Absolute-Power
LAURA SIMON	 Looks like someone sat here -- but I couldn't find any prints. (lowering her voice -- indicating the one-way mirror) You think Sullivan holed up in the chair and watched his wife perform?	SETH	 I hope not -- (shakes his head) -- he's such a great man. He moves back into the bedroom. Another cop is working on the wall by the bed table where a hole the size and shape of a bullet is visible.	SETH	 (as he moves past) Careful digging that out. The cop nods.	MEDICAL EXAMINER	 Looks like he tried to strangle her.	Absolute-Power
LAURA SIMON	 Maybe he couldn't remember if he fucked her.	SETH	 (has to laugh) A strong burglar with a weak mind -- obviously another open and shut case... As he stares around, baffled. A high rise. It's in a different part of Washington than we've seen thus far. Afternoon now. An old salesman type is trudging into the building. He's slumped, carries heavy salesman type suitcases. He wears a battered hat. As he goes inside -- The salesman is opening a mail slot with the name "Hawthorne" on the outside. A good bit of mail, most of it unsolicited. Hawthorne pockets it, unlocks the foyer, heads toward the elevator. The elevator and Hawthorne slowly getting out, heading toward a corner apartment, taking out some keys -- -- there are three locks on the door... he takes out keys -- Hawthorne walks in, puts the suitcases down, flings his hat toward a long sofa -- -- it's Luther and this, we will come to learn, is what he keeps as his safe house. It's neatly furnished, modern and clean. Now he moves quickly -- -- first he opens a suitcase -- it contains his full backpack from the robbery -- -- then he opens a locked closet door, revealing a very large and sophisticated safe. As he begins to work the dial -- -- the TV ON in the living room as he slides the video cassette Red gave him into his machine. Everything has been put away. The TV as Michael Jordan is introduced to the crowd -- Luther sits, nurses a beer, watches intently... An old man silently weeping. This is WALTER SULLIVAN, one of the giants of the era.    A self-made billionaire. Remarkably, the man has few enemies. At 80, his body may be betraying him -- he was once handsome -- but his mind is that of a young man. We've seen him before -- in the wedding picture on the wall of his mansion. With his young bride Christy. He is with her again now, at the morgue. A sheet covers her body. The toe tag is visible. Walter, shattered and desolate, stares at her once joyous face. PULL BACK to reveal -- Seth Frank, studying Walter THROUGH a two way mirror. Seth is moved at depth of the old man's grief. Anyone would be. Walter slowly rises -- SANDY LORD waiting in an anteroom as Walter enters... Sandy Lord is Walter Sullivan's lawyer.     He is 60, abrasive, powerful. Sandy moves to Walter, gestures toward the front door. Seth appears through another door, intercepts them.					Absolute-Power
SETH	 Mr. Sullivan? -- I'm Seth Frank, senior homicide detective for Middleton County --	SANDY LORD	 (protectively) -- my client is in no mood for conversation, sir.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 It's all right, Sandy -- (looks at Seth) -- you're in charge of the case?	SETH	 (nods) I have to ask some questions, but it can be tomorrow.	Absolute-Power
SANDY LORD	 (protectively) -- my client is in no mood for conversation, sir.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 It's all right, Sandy -- (looks at Seth) -- you're in charge of the case?	SETH	 (nods) I have to ask some questions, but it can be tomorrow.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 You want what, positive identification? Yes, that was my wife. Anything else?	Absolute-Power
WALTER SULLIVAN	 It's all right, Sandy -- (looks at Seth) -- you're in charge of the case?	SETH	 (nods) I have to ask some questions, but it can be tomorrow.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 You want what, positive identification? Yes, that was my wife. Anything else?	SETH	 (notebook in hand) You'd been in Barbados for two days?	Absolute-Power
WALTER SULLIVAN	 You want what, positive identification? Yes, that was my wife. Anything else?	SETH	 (notebook in hand) You'd been in Barbados for two days?	WALTER SULLIVAN	 (nods) I took the entire staff down -- always do this time of year.	SETH	 But Mrs. Sullivan didn't come.	Absolute-Power
SETH	 (notebook in hand) You'd been in Barbados for two days?	WALTER SULLIVAN	 (nods) I took the entire staff down -- always do this time of year.	SETH	 But Mrs. Sullivan didn't come.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 She was, had it all planned, but you know women, they change their minds.	Absolute-Power
WALTER SULLIVAN (CONT'D)	 (to Seth, softly) I'd been married to my Rebecca for forty-seven years and when she died, I decided I never wanted that pain again. One thing I knew about Christy: she was going to outlive me.	SANDY LORD	 I think that's enough for today. Takes Walter's arm.	SETH	 (beat) I have to ask about the vault. And on that -- Walter.     Holds to Sandy for a moment, then lets go.			Absolute-Power
SANDY LORD	 I think that's enough for today. Takes Walter's arm.	SETH	 (beat) I have to ask about the vault. And on that -- Walter.     Holds to Sandy for a moment, then lets go.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 You mean the contents of the vault of course -- (turns to Sandy) -- Sandy, you go on, I'm all right. (as Sandy looks at him a moment) Really. Go to the reception -- obviously I can't make it, but I'm sure everyone will understand. Sandy nods, exits.    Seth and Walter are alone. Beat.   Then --	WALTER SULLIVAN	 I know it's not the contents -- (as Seth embarrassed, stands there) You mean the chair. You have to ask about the chair.	Absolute-Power
SETH	 (beat) I have to ask about the vault. And on that -- Walter.     Holds to Sandy for a moment, then lets go.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 You mean the contents of the vault of course -- (turns to Sandy) -- Sandy, you go on, I'm all right. (as Sandy looks at him a moment) Really. Go to the reception -- obviously I can't make it, but I'm sure everyone will understand. Sandy nods, exits.    Seth and Walter are alone. Beat.   Then --	WALTER SULLIVAN	 I know it's not the contents -- (as Seth embarrassed, stands there) You mean the chair. You have to ask about the chair.	SETH	 (soft) Yessir, I do.	Absolute-Power
WALTER SULLIVAN	 I know it's not the contents -- (as Seth embarrassed, stands there) You mean the chair. You have to ask about the chair.	SETH	 (soft) Yessir, I do.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 But why?   Are they connected?	SETH	 I think someone sat in it -- and I think that someone may have been involved in the murder. (beat) You were my father's hero, Mr. Sullivan, I promise you this won't make my highlight reel. Humiliated.	Absolute-Power
WALTER SULLIVAN	 But why?   Are they connected?	SETH	 I think someone sat in it -- and I think that someone may have been involved in the murder. (beat) You were my father's hero, Mr. Sullivan, I promise you this won't make my highlight reel. Humiliated.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 I'd hoped I could satisfy her... but you know... she had needs and she didn't want to go behind my back... she suggested the chair... she hoped I might get to like sitting there... (beat) ... I didn't... (takes a breath) I've tried for eighty years to live a decent life. I've given a billion dollars to charity. If this comes to trial, none of that will be remembered -- I'll just go out as the joke of the world. Seth.   He closes his notebook.	SETH	 I understand, sir; I'll do what I can.	Absolute-Power
SETH	 I think someone sat in it -- and I think that someone may have been involved in the murder. (beat) You were my father's hero, Mr. Sullivan, I promise you this won't make my highlight reel. Humiliated.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 I'd hoped I could satisfy her... but you know... she had needs and she didn't want to go behind my back... she suggested the chair... she hoped I might get to like sitting there... (beat) ... I didn't... (takes a breath) I've tried for eighty years to live a decent life. I've given a billion dollars to charity. If this comes to trial, none of that will be remembered -- I'll just go out as the joke of the world. Seth.   He closes his notebook.	SETH	 I understand, sir; I'll do what I can.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 (beat) Will you listen to me whine? Please forgive me, Mr. Frank. Just do your job. (beat) And I'll do mine. Walter slowly moves to the door.    Seth watches him. Sadly... A gorgeous SHOT of a very famous place.    The sun is setting. It all looks magical.	Absolute-Power
SETH	 I understand, sir; I'll do what I can.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 (beat) Will you listen to me whine? Please forgive me, Mr. Frank. Just do your job. (beat) And I'll do mine. Walter slowly moves to the door.    Seth watches him. Sadly... A gorgeous SHOT of a very famous place.    The sun is setting. It all looks magical. A room filled with well-dressed men and women. Formal attire. The  rich and the famous. But the only one we recognize is Sandy Lord, deep in conversation with several other men. Now, someone says his name.	MAN (O.S.)	 Sandy. (as Sandy turns) Is there anything I can do?			Absolute-Power
SANDY LORD	 Mr. President, he's touched at your concern.	RICHMOND	 Any news of the killer? (as Sandy indicates "no") Well, why isn't there? Who's in charge of the case?	SANDY LORD	 Top man -- eight years homicide work in New York. But I understand how you feel -- it's hard to be patient.	RICHMOND	 (terribly upset) No one understands how I feel -- I'm supposed to have all this power but I can't help my oldest friend -- you know and I know that more than any man alive Walter Sullivan put me here -- and now when he most needs me, he must feel abandoned. On fire --	Absolute-Power
SANDY LORD	 Top man -- eight years homicide work in New York. But I understand how you feel -- it's hard to be patient.	RICHMOND	 (terribly upset) No one understands how I feel -- I'm supposed to have all this power but I can't help my oldest friend -- you know and I know that more than any man alive Walter Sullivan put me here -- and now when he most needs me, he must feel abandoned. On fire --	RICHMOND	 -- I'll hold a press conference -- and I'll have Walter come -- and I will embrace him before the world. Sandy.   Listening.    Moved.	SANDY LORD	 He'll treasure that, Mr. President. What a generous gesture. Thank you. Thank you. And he reaches out, shakes Richmond's hand, squeezes Richmond's arm and -- Richmond -- suddenly screaming in pain -- Sandy pulls back, shocked. Richmond looks embarrassed.	Absolute-Power
SANDY LORD	 He'll treasure that, Mr. President. What a generous gesture. Thank you. Thank you. And he reaches out, shakes Richmond's hand, squeezes Richmond's arm and -- Richmond -- suddenly screaming in pain -- Sandy pulls back, shocked. Richmond looks embarrassed.	RICHMOND	 (quick smile) Damn tennis elbow is killing me. And on that -- Richmond, immediately after, and he sure isn't smiling now -- he storms toward the Oval Office, Russell, Burton and Collin hurrying to keep up. Burton opens the door for them, closes it once they're inside.	RICHMOND	 (throws off his jacket, turns on Russell) This thing's worse, Gloria. I need to see a doctor.			Absolute-Power
RUSSELL	 The country would have to be informed, Mr. President.	RICHMOND	 What happened to my right to privacy? (rolls up his sleeve, studies his cut) I think she nicked a tendon.	RUSSELL	 Burton says it's a flesh wound --	RICHMOND	 (to Burton) -- when did you become such an expert, Bill? -- Ever been wounded? --	Absolute-Power
RUSSELL	 Burton says it's a flesh wound --	RICHMOND	 (to Burton) -- when did you become such an expert, Bill? -- Ever been wounded? --	BURTON	 (quietly) Yes, sir. Many times. The fireplace.   Richmond goes to it, rubs his arm, stares at the flames.	RUSSELL	 Are you serious about that press conference, Alan?	Absolute-Power
RICHMOND	 (to Burton) -- when did you become such an expert, Bill? -- Ever been wounded? --	BURTON	 (quietly) Yes, sir. Many times. The fireplace.   Richmond goes to it, rubs his arm, stares at the flames.	RUSSELL	 Are you serious about that press conference, Alan?	RICHMOND	 Of course I am -- Walter's been like a father to me.	Absolute-Power
RUSSELL	 We checked his license plate -- he stole the car from a police impoundment lot.	RICHMOND	 We're not dealing with a fool here. (gestures toward his jacket, as Russell helps him into it) Has he initiated contact?	RUSSELL	 Burton doesn't think he will.	RICHMOND	 I agree. (checking himself in a mirror) Sorry about my behavior -- won't happen again; think of it as a blip on the screen. And as far as I'm concerned, so is he.	Absolute-Power
RUSSELL	 Burton doesn't think he will.	RICHMOND	 I agree. (checking himself in a mirror) Sorry about my behavior -- won't happen again; think of it as a blip on the screen. And as far as I'm concerned, so is he.	RUSSELL	 He could be a little more than that, Alan -- he saw. Richmond.    Big.	RICHMOND	 He saw nothing -- a drunk woman who liked rough sex too much. And he's a burglar. Who's going to believe him? (beat) After all, it's not as if he had evidence or anything... And on those words --	Absolute-Power
RUSSELL	 He could be a little more than that, Alan -- he saw. Richmond.    Big.	RICHMOND	 He saw nothing -- a drunk woman who liked rough sex too much. And he's a burglar. Who's going to believe him? (beat) After all, it's not as if he had evidence or anything... And on those words --					Absolute-Power
VALERIE	 How many passports you need?	LUTHER	 (thinks) Four should cover it.	VALERIE	 (writes this down) Now you'll want different looks, and matching international driver's licenses -- I'll throw in some dummy credit cards, seeing it's you. How the rugs I made you holding up?	LUTHER	 They're good. Beards and mustaches, too.	Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 (thinks) Four should cover it.	VALERIE	 (writes this down) Now you'll want different looks, and matching international driver's licenses -- I'll throw in some dummy credit cards, seeing it's you. How the rugs I made you holding up?	LUTHER	 They're good. Beards and mustaches, too.	VALERIE	 (pleased) I try to give value for money. Leaving the country permanent?	Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 They're good. Beards and mustaches, too.	VALERIE	 (pleased) I try to give value for money. Leaving the country permanent?	LUTHER	 It may come to that.	VALERIE	 Matter where you've been? -- I hate doing those goddam Asian passport stamps.	Absolute-Power
VALERIE	 I never figured you for a runner -- thirty percent of my runners kill themselves within five years.	LUTHER	 (kisses her forehead) Five years doesn't sound so bad to me just now. And as he heads out -- Seth and Laura in the good-sized criminal lab.    Loaded with up-to-date equipment. Seth has drawn a picture of the crime scene. Words like            * "Bedroom Door," "Exit Window," "Vault," "Bed," "Victim" are written neatly to scale. He holds a sheaf of papers. It's late afternoon and things are already getting crazed. NOISE in the b.g. throughout.	SETH	 See if any of this makes sense. Seth mimes opening the "bedroom door," stepping inside, closing it. He makes a click with his tongue.	SETH	 I am Christy Sullivan and I walk in and surprise a burglar. Seth moves to the "vault door," mimes closing that, makes a grunt.	Absolute-Power
LAURA	 Now you're the burglar coming out of the vault and being surprised.	SETH	 Gold star. (aims his finger like a pistol) I draw my gun --	LAURA	 (cutting in) -- then why do you bother to strangle her when you could just shoot?	SETH	 That's nothing -- why do I bother to have her strip and then put her clothes back on?	Absolute-Power
SETH	 Gold star. (aims his finger like a pistol) I draw my gun --	LAURA	 (cutting in) -- then why do you bother to strangle her when you could just shoot?	SETH	 That's nothing -- why do I bother to have her strip and then put her clothes back on?	LAURA	 There I can help you -- see, before you were a burglar you were a dry cleaner and you still love beautiful clothes.	Absolute-Power
LAURA	 Maybe whoever drove her home killed her.	SETH	 You saying the burglar drove her home? (pissed) I hate this case. An open door behind them. A TELEPHONE REPAIRMAN appears. Nice looking kid with a dazzling smile.	TELEPHONE REPAIRMAN	 Lieutenant? -- sorry to bother you	--	 (as Seth turns) I've got your phone working again, shouldn't give you any more trouble.	Absolute-Power
TELEPHONE REPAIRMAN	 Lieutenant? -- sorry to bother you	--	 (as Seth turns) I've got your phone working again, shouldn't give you any more trouble.	SETH	 Good service, thanks.	TELEPHONE REPAIRMAN	 (dazzling smile as he goes) Part of the job. Seth and Laura.     Seth's lost his train of thought.   Then --	Absolute-Power
SETH	 Good service, thanks.	TELEPHONE REPAIRMAN	 (dazzling smile as he goes) Part of the job. Seth and Laura.     Seth's lost his train of thought.   Then --	SETH	 Oh yeah    -- remember that bullet hole in    the wall? Had the lab dig out the    slug -- guess what -- no slug --    why does the burglar take the time    to do that?	LAURA	 Different from the one in her body?	Absolute-Power
LAURA	 Different from the one in her body?	SETH	 (getting more and more upset) Oh I like that a lot -- two different guns means two different burglars. Two guys broke in? And they both went out the window? Bullshit. (big) And oh, by the way, why does he -- or they -- go out the window in the first place when he -- or they -- got in by breaking a zillion- dollar security system? --	COP (O.S.)	 -- Seth?	SETH	 (whirling) What?	Absolute-Power
COP (O.S.)	 -- Seth?	SETH	 (whirling) What?	COP	 (in doorway) A Bill Burton of the Secret Service in the parking lot.	SETH	 (gives papers to Laura) Here, you solve the goddam thing. (as he starts away) Did I mention that I hate this case? I really truly hate this case -- you cannot imagine how much I hate it -- Burton waits by his car as Seth walks up.	Absolute-Power
SETH	 (whirling) What?	COP	 (in doorway) A Bill Burton of the Secret Service in the parking lot.	SETH	 (gives papers to Laura) Here, you solve the goddam thing. (as he starts away) Did I mention that I hate this case? I really truly hate this case -- you cannot imagine how much I hate it -- Burton waits by his car as Seth walks up.	BURTON	 (as they shake) Bill Burton, hi --	Absolute-Power
COP	 (in doorway) A Bill Burton of the Secret Service in the parking lot.	SETH	 (gives papers to Laura) Here, you solve the goddam thing. (as he starts away) Did I mention that I hate this case? I really truly hate this case -- you cannot imagine how much I hate it -- Burton waits by his car as Seth walks up.	BURTON	 (as they shake) Bill Burton, hi --	SETH	 -- hi, Seth Frank --	Absolute-Power
SETH	 (gives papers to Laura) Here, you solve the goddam thing. (as he starts away) Did I mention that I hate this case? I really truly hate this case -- you cannot imagine how much I hate it -- Burton waits by his car as Seth walks up.	BURTON	 (as they shake) Bill Burton, hi --	SETH	 -- hi, Seth Frank --	BURTON	 -- I know you must be going crazy -- but the boss is very interested in your progress. Maybe we can help each other.	Absolute-Power
SETH	 What did you have in mind?	BURTON	 You know how close he and Sullivan are? (as Seth nods) The minute anything breaks, if you'd call me, I'd tell the President. That way, he'd be the first to alert Mr. Sullivan -- it would mean a lot to him. And any red tape you want cut -- done. (as he takes out card) Here are my numbers. He turns, opens his front car door.	BURTON	 (getting in) Leads?	SETH	 Still trying to figure out what might have happened --	Absolute-Power
BURTON	 -- I loved playing Sherlock Holmes.	SETH	 (surprised) You Secret Service guys do that?	BURTON	 I was State Trooper here ten years ago before the Government got me. Seth.     It just pops out.	SETH	 You're that Bill Burton. Burton.    Embarrassed.	Absolute-Power
SETH	 You're that Bill Burton. Burton.    Embarrassed.	BURTON	 I was younger and dumber then. (quickly) Keep in touch. Seth waves as Burton drives away. Burton. He drives alertly along, turns a corner. Up ahead, a telephone repair truck has stopped. The Repairman leans out. He has a dazzling smile. He and Burton wave to each other... Quietly elegant. Two men are finishing dinner.      Walter Sullivan we know. MICHAEL McCARTY, his dinner companion, is 35, fit, handsome, beautifully dressed. He is, at present, torn by a silver tray of small French pastries.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 (noting McCarty's temptation) The chef makes them especially for me -- I promise you they're sinful. McCarty grabs one, downs it, grins sheepishly. McCARTY You're a salesman, Mr. Sullivan. Sullivan nods as they rise. Tastefully appointed, as one would expect.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 This is a new arena for me, but from what I'm told, you have a flawless reputation, Mister McCarty -- which is why I need to employ you. McCARTY Understood.	Absolute-Power
BURTON	 I was younger and dumber then. (quickly) Keep in touch. Seth waves as Burton drives away. Burton. He drives alertly along, turns a corner. Up ahead, a telephone repair truck has stopped. The Repairman leans out. He has a dazzling smile. He and Burton wave to each other... Quietly elegant. Two men are finishing dinner.      Walter Sullivan we know. MICHAEL McCARTY, his dinner companion, is 35, fit, handsome, beautifully dressed. He is, at present, torn by a silver tray of small French pastries.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 (noting McCarty's temptation) The chef makes them especially for me -- I promise you they're sinful. McCarty grabs one, downs it, grins sheepishly. McCARTY You're a salesman, Mr. Sullivan. Sullivan nods as they rise. Tastefully appointed, as one would expect.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 This is a new arena for me, but from what I'm told, you have a flawless reputation, Mister McCarty -- which is why I need to employ you. McCARTY Understood.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 I have no idea who I'm after. Until I do, you will have to wait in Washington for instructions. McCARTY Out of the question, I'm afraid. (explaining as they walk) Mine isn't particularly creative work -- I only do it because I enjoy living beyond my means. I can't afford to just sit around. A sofa.   Walter gestures for them to sit.	Absolute-Power
DAY	 PULL BACK to reveal... ... Seth and Laura, in his office.      The mug shot is on his desk, along with some folders.      Seth beckons to her.	LAURA	 (studying photo) Who is he?	SETH	 Luther Whitney -- (beat) -- one of the great thieves of the world. Seth.    The words pour out.			Absolute-Power
SETH	 Because he hasn't been arrested in thirty years.	LAURA	 (indicating mug shot) This his graduation picture from Harvard?	SETH	 (waving her off) Ancient history -- he wasn't a jewel thief back then. Just a kid, just part of a gang, a three- time loser. But since he got out the last time, he's only worked alone --	SETH (CONT'D)	 (beat) -- and no one's touched him. (shakes his head) He gets questioned whenever anything big comes up. But nothing sticks.	Absolute-Power
LAURA	 (indicating mug shot) This his graduation picture from Harvard?	SETH	 (waving her off) Ancient history -- he wasn't a jewel thief back then. Just a kid, just part of a gang, a three- time loser. But since he got out the last time, he's only worked alone --	SETH (CONT'D)	 (beat) -- and no one's touched him. (shakes his head) He gets questioned whenever anything big comes up. But nothing sticks.	LAURA	 (really excited now) Seth -- we can make this stick -- I'll bet you anything this is our guy -- a local? -- can't ask for more --	Absolute-Power
SETH (CONT'D)	 (beat) -- and no one's touched him. (shakes his head) He gets questioned whenever anything big comes up. But nothing sticks.	LAURA	 (really excited now) Seth -- we can make this stick -- I'll bet you anything this is our guy -- a local? -- can't ask for more --	SETH                                       *	 (makes a face)                                    * We've got a problem.                                     *	LAURA                                   *	 -- what? --	Absolute-Power
LAURA	 (really excited now) Seth -- we can make this stick -- I'll bet you anything this is our guy -- a local? -- can't ask for more --	SETH                                       *	 (makes a face)                                    * We've got a problem.                                     *	LAURA                                   *	 -- what? --	SETH	 Whitney hasn't killed anyone in 45 years. Laura doesn't get it.	Absolute-Power
LAURA	 Big deal, so he's a veteran.	SETH	 Not just a veteran -- a wounded veteran. (indicating folder) Got his combat record here. Battles, commendations,                                  * decorations up the kazoo.                                * Lives alone on his disability.                           * Says he does anyway.                                     * (glum)                                            * And I don't do war heroes...                             *					Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 (not looking) Boy, you must be smart.	SETH	 (really taken aback) Sorry?	LUTHER	 Usually takes a week for you guys to get to me. (turns, smiles) You look just like your picture, Seth. I'm Luther Whitney. He reaches out to shake a surprised Seth's hand -- They walk in, go to  the food line. There is, throughout, a bantering tone.   Not that it matters, but these two, in a different world,  would like each other -- they're both, in their own ways,  deeply moral men.	LUTHER	 So, do you want my confession now or after coffee? As Luther draws some coffee from an urn --	Absolute-Power
SETH	 (really taken aback) Sorry?	LUTHER	 Usually takes a week for you guys to get to me. (turns, smiles) You look just like your picture, Seth. I'm Luther Whitney. He reaches out to shake a surprised Seth's hand -- They walk in, go to  the food line. There is, throughout, a bantering tone.   Not that it matters, but these two, in a different world,  would like each other -- they're both, in their own ways,  deeply moral men.	LUTHER	 So, do you want my confession now or after coffee? As Luther draws some coffee from an urn --	SETH	 (doing the same) Before I send you away for life, I should probably check out your alibi.	Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 So, do you want my confession now or after coffee? As Luther draws some coffee from an urn --	SETH	 (doing the same) Before I send you away for life, I should probably check out your alibi.	LUTHER	 Watched the Bullets game    with Red Bransford. Prison buddy     of mine -- runs a bar -- want to    question me about the game? I'm     probably lying. They each give the cashier some money and we see a quiet table in the corner as they head for it.			Absolute-Power
SETH	 You been following the case?	LUTHER	 (nods vigorously) I love true crime --	SETH	 -- F.B.I. feels only a few guys could have handled something as hard as the Sullivan job. (touches his notebook) I've got a list here; you're on it.	LUTHER	 (nothing shows) I wish it was true. (shakes his head) Your robber actually went in the front door but came out down a rope in the dark in the middle of the night? (as Seth nods; Luther sighs) If only I could do stuff like that -- I'd be the star of my A.A.R.P. meetings. Luther and Seth as they sit.     Seth smiles, looks at Luther.	Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 (nods vigorously) I love true crime --	SETH	 -- F.B.I. feels only a few guys could have handled something as hard as the Sullivan job. (touches his notebook) I've got a list here; you're on it.	LUTHER	 (nothing shows) I wish it was true. (shakes his head) Your robber actually went in the front door but came out down a rope in the dark in the middle of the night? (as Seth nods; Luther sighs) If only I could do stuff like that -- I'd be the star of my A.A.R.P. meetings. Luther and Seth as they sit.     Seth smiles, looks at Luther.	SETH	 (beat) Luther? Why was this so hard? Luther.   Now he's surprised.    He kind of smiles.	Absolute-Power
SETH	 -- F.B.I. feels only a few guys could have handled something as hard as the Sullivan job. (touches his notebook) I've got a list here; you're on it.	LUTHER	 (nothing shows) I wish it was true. (shakes his head) Your robber actually went in the front door but came out down a rope in the dark in the middle of the night? (as Seth nods; Luther sighs) If only I could do stuff like that -- I'd be the star of my A.A.R.P. meetings. Luther and Seth as they sit.     Seth smiles, looks at Luther.	SETH	 (beat) Luther? Why was this so hard? Luther.   Now he's surprised.    He kind of smiles.	LUTHER	 You want me to help solve your case?	Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 (nothing shows) I wish it was true. (shakes his head) Your robber actually went in the front door but came out down a rope in the dark in the middle of the night? (as Seth nods; Luther sighs) If only I could do stuff like that -- I'd be the star of my A.A.R.P. meetings. Luther and Seth as they sit.     Seth smiles, looks at Luther.	SETH	 (beat) Luther? Why was this so hard? Luther.   Now he's surprised.    He kind of smiles.	LUTHER	 You want me to help solve your case?			Absolute-Power
SETH	 Just looking   for insight. How would you --   scratch that -- how would one go   about it? What kind of person do   you think I should be looking for?	LUTHER	 (like a shot) Older fella. Like me.	SETH	 (now he smiles) Because?	LUTHER	 Need patience. The secret is just research, research, research -- from everything I've read. Seth. This hasn't gone at all the way he thought -- and he's starting to get fascinated.	Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 (like a shot) Older fella. Like me.	SETH	 (now he smiles) Because?	LUTHER	 Need patience. The secret is just research, research, research -- from everything I've read. Seth. This hasn't gone at all the way he thought -- and he's starting to get fascinated.	SETH	 Research for what?	Absolute-Power
SETH	 Research for what?	LUTHER	 Well, from what I can tell on the tube, it's not a small house. (as Seth nods) There had to be an architect, right? You'd be able to tell which one from public records in the library. And once you know the office, you could break in and find the plans and Xerox them, get them back before morning.	SETH	 Not just steal them?	LUTHER	 Seth -- breaking in isn't hard -- what's hard is breaking in so no one knows you've been there. Now, after the architect, next you'd want the contractor's office -- and the security company's office. (beat) You know the skill involved breaking the security of a security company? (shakes his head) I wonder how those guys do it?	Absolute-Power
SETH	 Not just steal them?	LUTHER	 Seth -- breaking in isn't hard -- what's hard is breaking in so no one knows you've been there. Now, after the architect, next you'd want the contractor's office -- and the security company's office. (beat) You know the skill involved breaking the security of a security company? (shakes his head) I wonder how those guys do it?	SETH	 Why go to all that trouble?			Absolute-Power
SETH	 Why go to all that trouble?	LUTHER	 Papers said he kept the money in a vault, yes? (as Seth nods) Well, I'm guessing there was probably some secret way to open it --	SETH	 (casually) -- clicker --	LUTHER	 (fascinated) -- explain --	Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 Papers said he kept the money in a vault, yes? (as Seth nods) Well, I'm guessing there was probably some secret way to open it --	SETH	 (casually) -- clicker --	LUTHER	 (fascinated) -- explain --	SETH	 -- gizmo -- looked like a V.C.R. remote --	Absolute-Power
SETH	 (casually) -- clicker --	LUTHER	 (fascinated) -- explain --	SETH	 -- gizmo -- looked like a V.C.R. remote --	LUTHER	 (shaking his head) -- amazing -- (beat) -- must have been a lot of money inside.	Absolute-Power
SETH	 -- gizmo -- looked like a V.C.R. remote --	LUTHER	 (shaking his head) -- amazing -- (beat) -- must have been a lot of money inside.	SETH	 (sipping casually; a pause) Five million. And on those words -- Luther, more than he thought, a lot more -- but of course nothing shows -- instead he breaks out laughing.	SETH	 Why's that funny?	Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 (shaking his head) -- amazing -- (beat) -- must have been a lot of money inside.	SETH	 (sipping casually; a pause) Five million. And on those words -- Luther, more than he thought, a lot more -- but of course nothing shows -- instead he breaks out laughing.	SETH	 Why's that funny?	LUTHER	 The way you said it -- as if you were trying to surprise me.	Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 The way you said it -- as if you were trying to surprise me.	SETH	 (smiles) I was trying to surprise you.	LUTHER	 (smiles back) There you go. Seth sips his coffee, takes out his notebook, opens it.			Absolute-Power
SETH	 (smiles) I was trying to surprise you.	LUTHER	 (smiles back) There you go. Seth sips his coffee, takes out his notebook, opens it.	SETH	 Would the burglar use a disguise?			Absolute-Power
SETH	 Maybe like you.	LUTHER	 (couldn't agree more) I'm the perfect prototype. (sipping away) But you see any face often enough, you'll start putting things together. That's why these top guys disguise themselves. I read a great article a couple of years back -- damn, I wish I could remember where -- anyway, it was about these makeup experts some of them use -- wigmakers, people like that.	SETH	 (flipping a page) Go on about the wigmakers.	LUTHER	 (glancing at his watch) I'd love that but I'm late as it is -- got to get my pacemaker checked. (he likes Seth) -- all this excitement, you understand.	Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 (couldn't agree more) I'm the perfect prototype. (sipping away) But you see any face often enough, you'll start putting things together. That's why these top guys disguise themselves. I read a great article a couple of years back -- damn, I wish I could remember where -- anyway, it was about these makeup experts some of them use -- wigmakers, people like that.	SETH	 (flipping a page) Go on about the wigmakers.	LUTHER	 (glancing at his watch) I'd love that but I'm late as it is -- got to get my pacemaker checked. (he likes Seth) -- all this excitement, you understand.	SETH	 (and he likes Luther) A) You don't have a pacemaker, and B) I'll be back tomorrow.	Absolute-Power
SETH	 (flipping a page) Go on about the wigmakers.	LUTHER	 (glancing at his watch) I'd love that but I'm late as it is -- got to get my pacemaker checked. (he likes Seth) -- all this excitement, you understand.	SETH	 (and he likes Luther) A) You don't have a pacemaker, and B) I'll be back tomorrow.	LUTHER	 Tomorrow is promised to no one. HOLD ON Luther.	Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 (glancing at his watch) I'd love that but I'm late as it is -- got to get my pacemaker checked. (he likes Seth) -- all this excitement, you understand.	SETH	 (and he likes Luther) A) You don't have a pacemaker, and B) I'll be back tomorrow.	LUTHER	 Tomorrow is promised to no one. HOLD ON Luther. Luther is throwing clothes into a suitcase while talking on the phone --			Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 Turn that off, okay?	BARTENDER	 (finishing up the glasses) In a sec. Richmond at his press conference.   He speaks without notes and he speaks beautifully.	RICHMOND	 As you know, I came from an impoverished family in an impoverished town -- but we lived with our doors unlocked. Russell watching, listening; she loves hearing him talk.			Absolute-Power
RICHMOND (O.S.)	 ... Sisters and brothers, we are locking our hearts to ourselves. Walter Sullivan. Grainy now. CNN. He has aged shockingly in the past couple of days. Luther staring sympathetically at the devastated old man. -- Sullivan's image suddenly is gone -- -- The Bartender has TURNED OFF the TELEVISION.	LUTHER	 (politely) Put it back on.	BARTENDER	 (starting to argue) You said --	LUTHER	 (cutting through) Do it -- CNN.   Walter Sullivan is still there.	Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 (politely) Put it back on.	BARTENDER	 (starting to argue) You said --	LUTHER	 (cutting through) Do it -- CNN.   Walter Sullivan is still there.	RICHMOND (V.O.)	 We feel savagery and violence must be allowed a place at table. (beat) That is wrong. That is not America. I shall fight that battle. Luther, staring at the image of Walter Sullivan, who is heartsick and beaten. Luther is simply transfixed -- -- Richmond on CNN and now he has turned and is beckoning for Walter Sullivan to join him. Sullivan for a moment is uncertain. He points to himself -- "do you mean me?" Richmond nods, opens his arms out wide. Sullivan gets up, comes forward. Luther, as he gets up too, also comes forward, leaving the stool, walking close to the television. Richmond and Sullivan, grainy on CNN as Richmond embraces Sullivan, holds him in a loving embrace.	Absolute-Power
BARTENDER	 (starting to argue) You said --	LUTHER	 (cutting through) Do it -- CNN.   Walter Sullivan is still there.	RICHMOND (V.O.)	 We feel savagery and violence must be allowed a place at table. (beat) That is wrong. That is not America. I shall fight that battle. Luther, staring at the image of Walter Sullivan, who is heartsick and beaten. Luther is simply transfixed -- -- Richmond on CNN and now he has turned and is beckoning for Walter Sullivan to join him. Sullivan for a moment is uncertain. He points to himself -- "do you mean me?" Richmond nods, opens his arms out wide. Sullivan gets up, comes forward. Luther, as he gets up too, also comes forward, leaving the stool, walking close to the television. Richmond and Sullivan, grainy on CNN as Richmond embraces Sullivan, holds him in a loving embrace.	RICHMOND (V.O.)	 Dear friend, old friend, we shall fight that battle. Sullivan, too overcome by the moment, can only nod.	Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 (cutting through) Do it -- CNN.   Walter Sullivan is still there.	RICHMOND (V.O.)	 We feel savagery and violence must be allowed a place at table. (beat) That is wrong. That is not America. I shall fight that battle. Luther, staring at the image of Walter Sullivan, who is heartsick and beaten. Luther is simply transfixed -- -- Richmond on CNN and now he has turned and is beckoning for Walter Sullivan to join him. Sullivan for a moment is uncertain. He points to himself -- "do you mean me?" Richmond nods, opens his arms out wide. Sullivan gets up, comes forward. Luther, as he gets up too, also comes forward, leaving the stool, walking close to the television. Richmond and Sullivan, grainy on CNN as Richmond embraces Sullivan, holds him in a loving embrace.	RICHMOND (V.O.)	 Dear friend, old friend, we shall fight that battle. Sullivan, too overcome by the moment, can only nod.	RICHMOND (V.O.)	 Who can explain the ways of chance? If we had never met, I would not be President. If Christine had not taken ill, she would be with you in Barbados                        * even now. Oh, Walter, you've                         * always been like a father to me.                     * I would give the world to lessen your pain.	Absolute-Power
RUSSELL	 I've never dealt with blackmail --	BURTON	 (trying for calm) -- he doesn't want money --	RUSSELL	 (exploding) -- you a mind reader too?                               *			Absolute-Power
BURTON	 (trying for calm) -- he doesn't want money --	RUSSELL	 (exploding) -- you a mind reader too?                               *	BURTON	 (under control) No, I just looked on the back -- (shows her ) -- see? -- Luther has written something.			Absolute-Power
BURTON	 (under control) No, I just looked on the back -- (shows her ) -- see? -- Luther has written something.	RUSSELL	 (reading) 'I don't want money.' Russell is more upset.    Burton almost smiles.	LUTHER	 (admiringly) This guy sure has the guts of a burglar. Wish we had him. Collin laughs.	RUSSELL	 You finished your recruiting speech? Because I'd like to know how I handle this.	Absolute-Power
RUSSELL	 (reading) 'I don't want money.' Russell is more upset.    Burton almost smiles.	LUTHER	 (admiringly) This guy sure has the guts of a burglar. Wish we had him. Collin laughs.	RUSSELL	 You finished your recruiting speech? Because I'd like to know how I handle this.	BURTON	 Like you handled the letter opener? Russell.     She studies Burton.   Then --	Absolute-Power
RUSSELL	 Gee, Bill, that could be construed as criticism. Do you really want me as an enemy? Burton stands there, massively powerful. His voice, when he speaks, is his usual voice: polite, considerate.	BURTON	 Miss Russell, I should have called the police that night. But I was weak. You convinced me to stay silent. I regret that. (another pause) Know this: every time I see your face I want to rip your throat out. Russell.     Silence.	RUSSELL	 Fine -- you win the pissing contest -- (then suddenly almost like a little girl) -- what should I do?			Absolute-Power
RUSSELL	 Fine -- you win the pissing contest -- (then suddenly almost like a little girl) -- what should I do?	BURTON	 Nothing -- because he's making a terrible mistake, he thinks he has time -- he doesn't -- Seth Frank's too good. He'll bring him in.	RUSSELL	 Then what?			Absolute-Power
RUSSELL	 Then what?	COLLIN	 (his first words) Then I kill him. Now, from them -- She is, we will find, a top prosecutor for the Common- wealth of Virginia. Her office is a zoo. On her desk, a baby picture of Kate and her mom smiling -- but there is something a little different about it. Seth enters and they shake.    He glances around -- -- sees the photograph, glances away. Kate has risen now -- and in the silence it's clear that even though they are both standing still, they are both circling.	SETH	 (trying for a smile) For a tough prosecutor, you don't resemble your reputation, Miss Whitney.	KATE	 (the same) Is that good or bad?	Absolute-Power
COLLIN	 (his first words) Then I kill him. Now, from them -- She is, we will find, a top prosecutor for the Common- wealth of Virginia. Her office is a zoo. On her desk, a baby picture of Kate and her mom smiling -- but there is something a little different about it. Seth enters and they shake.    He glances around -- -- sees the photograph, glances away. Kate has risen now -- and in the silence it's clear that even though they are both standing still, they are both circling.	SETH	 (trying for a smile) For a tough prosecutor, you don't resemble your reputation, Miss Whitney.	KATE	 (the same) Is that good or bad?			Absolute-Power
SETH	 (trying for a smile) For a tough prosecutor, you don't resemble your reputation, Miss Whitney.	KATE	 (the same) Is that good or bad?	KATE (CONT'D)	 (before Seth can reply) Look, Lieutenant -- I told you on the phone, I'm simply not involved with my father, so this may not be a waste of time for you, but it sure is for me.			Absolute-Power
KATE (CONT'D)	 (before Seth can reply) Look, Lieutenant -- I told you on the phone, I'm simply not involved with my father, so this may not be a waste of time for you, but it sure is for me.	SETH	 What would you do if I just turned around and left?	KATE	 Report you as an incompetent.			Absolute-Power
KATE	 Report you as an incompetent.	SETH	 (a real smile now) You're exactly like your reputation, Miss Whitney -- As they head out -- They enter.     It's empty.	SETH	 (the instant they're alone) I'm assuming your father's a big part of you --	KATE	 -- what? --	Absolute-Power
SETH	 -- You think it's all coincidence? He's a thief and you just happen to be the toughest prosecutor in the area?	KATE	 (just amazed) Wow -- that never crossed my mind -- you think there might be some connection? -- Like maybe I'm somehow compensating? -- I better write that down.	SETH	 -- Luther disappeared. No reaction. A banged-up couch.     Kate sits, shrugs.			Absolute-Power
KATE	 Couple days ago. He said he might be going away. There. I just helped you. Can I go back to work now?	SETH	 (shakes his head) Any idea where he might have gone? Seth and Kate realize something: In a different world, under different circumstances, they'd probably be starting an affair.	KATE	 (snappishly) Quit wasting my time -- if he doesn't want you to find him, you're not going to find him.	SETH	 You saying he's left town, skipped the country, what?	Absolute-Power
SETH	 (shakes his head) Any idea where he might have gone? Seth and Kate realize something: In a different world, under different circumstances, they'd probably be starting an affair.	KATE	 (snappishly) Quit wasting my time -- if he doesn't want you to find him, you're not going to find him.	SETH	 You saying he's left town, skipped the country, what?	KATE	 I'm saying you won't recognize him. I'm saying he could be just around the corner -- he always kept a safe house --	Absolute-Power
KATE	 I'm saying you won't recognize him. I'm saying he could be just around the corner -- he always kept a safe house --	SETH	 (cutting in) -- where? --	KATE	 He never said --	SETH	 -- Then where'd you hear this?	Absolute-Power
SETH	 Strange place for a thief to leave a key, don't you think?	KATE	 (quick memory) He always did that... They enter.    It's surprisingly tidy. Seth and Kate as they move along.    Seth is watching Kate who suddenly stops dead. The mantle. A large blowup of the same picture Kate had in her office, the one of Kate and her mom -- -- with one startling change: Luther is in this shot, standing there proud and smiling. She has ripped his presence out of her photo. Seth, silently watching Kate. She turns sharply away. He gestures for her to follow. They enter.    Clothes tossed all over.	SETH	 He sure took off in a hurry. What scares a professional thief like that? Kate. No reply. She has seen something across the tiny room and is drawn to it -- Luther's bed table -- -- and here it is! Call it a montage, call it a collage, call it what you will, we are looking at dozens of photographs -- -- all of them featuring Kate. Many of them we saw in her apartment -- only here, as in the photo over the mantle, Luther is there with Kate and her mom. We are looking at a shrine! And there are newer photos too -- Kate at her college graduation, Kate at her law school graduation, Kate and her mother coming out of an elegant restaurant, Kate alone on the steps of Middleton County Courthouse -- -- these are not posed shots. She looks wonderful and alive in all of them -- Kate. She looks dead now.     All energy gone.   She sits heavily down on the bed.			Absolute-Power
KATE	 (fighting tears) ... but he wasn't at those places... (pointing to the grown-up photos) ... college graduation; law school graduation; the night Mom and I celebrated when I got a job; and me alone on the steps? -- I'd just won my first case, I was so proud... (still fighting) ... I used to think... sometimes I'd come home and I'd sense he'd been in my apartment, checking the fridge, shaking his head because he never thought I ate right... It's crazy but I just knew Daddy was watching over me... And now she loses it, starts crying silently. Seth kneels alongside her, gives her a handkerchief.	SETH	 You can do a good thing, Kate -- (beat) -- help me bring him in. Just leave a message on his phone machine, you're worried about him.	KATE	 ... No...	SETH	 It's the truth -- you are worried about him -- this isn't your normal case -- his life may be in danger -- you can save him, make the call --	Absolute-Power
KATE	 ... He won't come...	SETH	 (indicating the pictures) Of course he'll come. You're all he has. Kate, staring at the photos, trying to get control.	SETH	 (moving in) Kate, he's on the run   and he's scared and he's right   to be scared because he's going to   get caught -- you don't know the   heat on this.                *	KATE                                   *	 He's not a murderer.                                 *	Absolute-Power
KATE                                   *	 He's not a murderer.                                 *	SETH                                   *	 Maybe you're right. Maybe he is                      * innocent. If so I'll have him                        * home and dry in a few hours. But                     * what happens if some hotshot who's trying to make a reputation tracks him down? (beat) I can guarantee his safety. You make the call, I make a promise: You'll have your father, home and dry... Kate alone. Totally wiped out. She is on the phone with Seth. Outside, the sun is dying.	KATE	 I left a message on his machine, he called back within an hour; we're meeting tomorrow afternoon. Seth, taking it down.	SETH	 Where?	Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 I need to look really good today. He doesn't like the hat.	SALESMAN	 Business? (as Luther tries the other hat -- very rakish, he likes it) It's a woman, I can tell. (as Luther nods) Never too late, is it? Luther.   Beaming.	LUTHER	 You got that right. Now, from his happy face -- PULL BACK to reveal the workmen are on a scaffolding two stories up, struggling to replace a glass panel that has cracked. The glass panel is heavy and bulky and the workmen are having a bitch of a time with it. The entire front of the building is glass panels.        It mirrors the area across the street -- a bunch of dilapidated brownstones. They are empty and, according to a sign, are due for demolition. All the windows of the brownstones are closed -- except one. On an upper story. Inside the window. Michael McCarty, who we last met at              * Walter Sullivan's, is there. He looks out.                          * The glass building and the struggling workmen and, on the ground floor, a few tables are set outside, with large umbrellas alongside each. There is a sign:    CAFE ALONZO. McCarty.   Beside him is a leather case.     He opens it. The case. A very high-powered rifle. McCarty begins to expertly assemble it, taut and businesslike. Seth, taut and businesslike, stands by a     blown-up map of the Cafe Alonzo area. The restaurant is      circled -- and around it are marked places for policemen     to wait -- Seth is giving instructions to those policemen     now -- -- fifty of them.    And no one's smiling. Kate. Dressed and ready. Lying on her bed. Afternoon now. She gets up, makes it halfway to the front door -- -- can't do it -- she turns, goes back to bed, lies down again, frozen. The cursing workmen. The glass panel is so damn cumbersome they are having a miserable time. An elderly couple sits at one of the half dozen outdoor tables. The place is empty. Seth, outside headquarters now, giving instructions to police officers. Behind them: two dozen unmarked cars.			Absolute-Power
SETH	 (mutters) Fuck... -- And a goddamn WAITER has appeared and is walking out toward Kate. He is Asian and very young. Kate, startled as the Waiter calls out from behind her.	WAITER	 Miss? (as she spins around) What you want please? His English could be a lot better.	KATE	 Nothing, thank you.			Absolute-Power
KATE	 Pardon?	WAITER	 (gesturing) You sit you eat please. Seth and Burton.       Stunned.	SETH	 This is not part of my brilliant master plan. More Tums.	BURTON	 Unfuckingbelievable. They both crunch away. McCarty, watching the Waiter and Kate. He's not happy either. He points a finger at the Waiter, goes "Boom." Kate, and it's almost four o'clock and she's not at her best.	Absolute-Power
BURTON	 Unfuckingbelievable. They both crunch away. McCarty, watching the Waiter and Kate. He's not happy either. He points a finger at the Waiter, goes "Boom." Kate, and it's almost four o'clock and she's not at her best.	KATE	 (gesturing around) I'm waiting for someone.	WAITER	 He must eat too, please.	KATE	 Oh he will, we both will -- we'll order half the menu -- but just not now -- The Waiter nods, finally he turns, starts off. Kate.   Trembling.	Absolute-Power
KATE	 You said.	SETH	 (he knows that) Feeble, huh? She nods.    They look at each other.    Then he starts toward         * the door.    Slowly.	KATE	 Anything for the road?     I've got water and water.	SETH	 Deal. They enter and she opens the fridge --	Absolute-Power
KATE	 Tired is all. As she hands him a bottle. as they move toward it.      He opens it.	SETH	 I don't think I've told you this, but I live alone. (and this time, as she does smile, and he does go) Lock it behind me.	KATE	 (LOCKING it loudly) How's that?	SETH (O.S.)	 Real good.    Try and sleep. His FOOTSTEPS get softer, DISAPPEAR.	Absolute-Power
SETH	 I don't think I've told you this, but I live alone. (and this time, as she does smile, and he does go) Lock it behind me.	KATE	 (LOCKING it loudly) How's that?	SETH (O.S.)	 Real good.    Try and sleep. His FOOTSTEPS get softer, DISAPPEAR.	KATE	 (still facing door, her back to her apartment) I betrayed you, Luther. You better know that now.	Absolute-Power
SETH (O.S.)	 Real good.    Try and sleep. His FOOTSTEPS get softer, DISAPPEAR.	KATE	 (still facing door, her back to her apartment) I betrayed you, Luther. You better know that now.	LUTHER (O.S.)	 You're not the first. As Kate turns, Luther, standing there, is looking at her.	KATE	 Why'd you come?	Absolute-Power
KATE	 No, this afternoon. To the restaurant. Why'd you come then? You must have suspected something, or you wouldn't have been prepared.	LUTHER	 (simply) My daughter wanted to see me. He points to the couch -- as Kate sits.      Luther, and before she's even seated, he's into it.	LUTHER	 The robbery went fine 'til they came in. They were drunk. I hid in the vault. Sex got rough. He was going to kill Christy, but she turned the tables, was going to kill him. Two guys came in, shot her dead.	KATE	 The same two guys who tried for you this afternoon?	Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 On your mother's grave, Kate -- you know I'd kill myself before I'd lie about that. Kate. Looking at him.        Because he wouldn't lie, not about that. Everything he's told her, all true. The air goes out of her. Silence.	KATE	 (soft) Jesus, Luther.	LUTHER	 I know.	KATE	 They'll kill you.	Absolute-Power
KATE                                                              *	 watching his face now.	LUTHER	 -- but I've never robbed anyone couldn't afford it and I've never stiffed a waitress. (beat) And Alan Richmond has to pay.	KATE	 What can you do?	LUTHER	 Not much, maybe -- but I only went to jail when I had partners. (beat) People betray each other, Kate -- nowadays, when there's a group, someone wants to write a book --	Absolute-Power
KATE	 What can you do?	LUTHER	 Not much, maybe -- but I only went to jail when I had partners. (beat) People betray each other, Kate -- nowadays, when there's a group, someone wants to write a book --	LUTHER (CONT'D)	 (beat) -- these people hate each other. And if I can drive them just a little bit nuts, who knows how they'll react under pressure? (rises and looks at her) Glad for the talk, wish we'd had more. Luther crosses to the door, turns.	LUTHER	 This is probably it; you understand that. (as she does, he still looks at her. Then -- ) I was never going to tell you this, but I watched you argue a case last year -- thank God you got your brains from your mother. Kate standing now, too -- they're across the room from each other.	Absolute-Power
KATE	 It's dangerous outside.	LUTHER	 It always is -- (beat) -- and I may not make you proud, Kate -- (soft) -- but I'm not going down alone... And on that... An elegant high-rise in Washington. Crisp, cool afternoon. A DOORMAN stands outside, enjoying the day. A well-dressed man rounds the corner; he holds a small, beautifully-wrapped package with a small envelope attached. He moves to the Doorman.	WELL-DRESSED MAN	 (it's Luther) For Miss Gloria Russell. He hands it over.			Absolute-Power
WELL-DRESSED MAN	 (it's Luther) For Miss Gloria Russell. He hands it over.	DOORMAN	 (taking it) Want me to sign anything?	LUTHER	 (shakes head) I trust you. And he turns, walks quickly away as we -- The envelope being opened. It's early evening now.       The message inside is short and clear -- "Gloria, Thanks for the rescue.	AR"	 Russell smiles, and as she opens the package -- A beautiful necklace. Antique mostly likely. And tasteful -- we hear the sound of an ORCHESTRA PLAYING	Absolute-Power
DOORMAN	 (taking it) Want me to sign anything?	LUTHER	 (shakes head) I trust you. And he turns, walks quickly away as we -- The envelope being opened. It's early evening now.       The message inside is short and clear -- "Gloria, Thanks for the rescue.	AR"	 Russell smiles, and as she opens the package -- A beautiful necklace. Antique mostly likely. And tasteful -- we hear the sound of an ORCHESTRA PLAYING WALTZES. PULL BACK to reveal Gloria Russell, looking just splendid, the necklace around her throat, entering a large and very impressive White House dinner-dance. Clearly an important affair of state. We've never seen Russell quite      like this -- relaxed, secure in her femininity. She       nods distantly to Burton and Collin who are, as always,      close the President. For the first time now, we realize      something: Gloria Russell is hot for Alan Richmond. Richmond, on the edge of the dance floor, chatting with some elderly couples, several of them European, all of them wealthy.			Absolute-Power
RICHMOND	 (as Russell approaches) You're a vision this evening, Miss Russell.	RUSSELL	 Thank you, Mr. President. (beat) And thank you, Mr. President.	RICHMOND	 (doesn't understand) For? (off her, radiant, indicating the necklace) Come again? This time she touches it -- he bends close to her.	RUSSELL	 (whispering) You sent it to me this afternoon. Long pause -- then... So happy.	Absolute-Power
RUSSELL	 Thank you, Mr. President. (beat) And thank you, Mr. President.	RICHMOND	 (doesn't understand) For? (off her, radiant, indicating the necklace) Come again? This time she touches it -- he bends close to her.	RUSSELL	 (whispering) You sent it to me this afternoon. Long pause -- then... So happy.	RICHMOND	 Well, of course. (now, to the others) Excuse me, all -- I am overcome with the desire to dance with my Chief of Staff. * A hand to her -- Russell, beaming, moves out onto the dance floor with him. Everyone at the gathering, watching them. Richmond and Russell, very much aware that all eyes are on them -- -- what we don't know is this: they are both wonderful dancers. And they seem to be reveling in their moves -- -- because throughout this, they never stop smiling.	Absolute-Power
RICHMOND	 (doesn't understand) For? (off her, radiant, indicating the necklace) Come again? This time she touches it -- he bends close to her.	RUSSELL	 (whispering) You sent it to me this afternoon. Long pause -- then... So happy.	RICHMOND	 Well, of course. (now, to the others) Excuse me, all -- I am overcome with the desire to dance with my Chief of Staff. * A hand to her -- Russell, beaming, moves out onto the dance floor with him. Everyone at the gathering, watching them. Richmond and Russell, very much aware that all eyes are on them -- -- what we don't know is this: they are both wonderful dancers. And they seem to be reveling in their moves -- -- because throughout this, they never stop smiling.			Absolute-Power
RUSSELL	 (whispering) You sent it to me this afternoon. Long pause -- then... So happy.	RICHMOND	 Well, of course. (now, to the others) Excuse me, all -- I am overcome with the desire to dance with my Chief of Staff. * A hand to her -- Russell, beaming, moves out onto the dance floor with him. Everyone at the gathering, watching them. Richmond and Russell, very much aware that all eyes are on them -- -- what we don't know is this: they are both wonderful dancers. And they seem to be reveling in their moves -- -- because throughout this, they never stop smiling.	RICHMOND	 What is this nonsense? I'm hoping there's an explanation.			Absolute-Power
RICHMOND	 What is this nonsense? I'm hoping there's an explanation.	RUSSELL	 (surprised) Your gift, Alan -- I was overwhelmed -- and your note was so gratifying --	RICHMOND	 (cutting in) -- I sent a note?	RUSSELL	 Yes, yes, you think I don't know your writing? I assumed you wanted me to wear it tonight. The necklace.       He looks at it as they spin gracefully.	Absolute-Power
RUSSELL	 (surprised) Your gift, Alan -- I was overwhelmed -- and your note was so gratifying --	RICHMOND	 (cutting in) -- I sent a note?	RUSSELL	 Yes, yes, you think I don't know your writing? I assumed you wanted me to wear it tonight. The necklace.       He looks at it as they spin gracefully.	RICHMOND	 It is lovely, Gloria -- and you know what else? They do a perfect dip.	Absolute-Power
RUSSELL	 It's not precisely the first time, Mr. President. * The MUSIC is BUILDING TO CLIMAX now.       Their movements become more grand.	RICHMOND	 (so happy) You've been keeping things from me?	RUSSELL	 Only because you have so much on your plate, Alan; we wanted to spare you. (beat) He sent me a Polaroid of the letter opener yesterday. A kick in the teeth -- -- he summons all his control, goes into even more complicated movements. * The crowd of elegant men and women, it's really wonderful dancing they're seeing -- they start to applaud. Richmond and Russell, hearing the sound. Richmond acknowledges it with a smile as they come to climax.			Absolute-Power
RICHMOND	 (so happy) You've been keeping things from me?	RUSSELL	 Only because you have so much on your plate, Alan; we wanted to spare you. (beat) He sent me a Polaroid of the letter opener yesterday. A kick in the teeth -- -- he summons all his control, goes into even more complicated movements. * The crowd of elegant men and women, it's really wonderful dancing they're seeing -- they start to applaud. Richmond and Russell, hearing the sound. Richmond acknowledges it with a smile as they come to climax.	RICHMOND	 Well, now -- (a final flourish) -- I need time to think -- come see me in my office in the morning -- (beat) This will certainly make for an interesting chapter in my memoirs. And as they bow... The crowd applauding louder, while on the dance floor, the President of the United States and the Chief of Staff applaud happily back. As the sound builds -- Luther in the night.    Silence. He is moving across the rooftop of a home. He carries a briefcase -- Luther's making business calls. Ahead is an attic window -- as he slides it open --			Absolute-Power
RUSSELL	 Only because you have so much on your plate, Alan; we wanted to spare you. (beat) He sent me a Polaroid of the letter opener yesterday. A kick in the teeth -- -- he summons all his control, goes into even more complicated movements. * The crowd of elegant men and women, it's really wonderful dancing they're seeing -- they start to applaud. Richmond and Russell, hearing the sound. Richmond acknowledges it with a smile as they come to climax.	RICHMOND	 Well, now -- (a final flourish) -- I need time to think -- come see me in my office in the morning -- (beat) This will certainly make for an interesting chapter in my memoirs. And as they bow... The crowd applauding louder, while on the dance floor, the President of the United States and the Chief of Staff applaud happily back. As the sound builds -- Luther in the night.    Silence. He is moving across the rooftop of a home. He carries a briefcase -- Luther's making business calls. Ahead is an attic window -- as he slides it open -- Luther, slipping inside. Some stairs are just across. He goes down them, opens the door -- Luther stepping into the main part of the dark house. He stops. No noise at all except that of someone BREATHING DEEPLY, coming from an open bedroom door. Luther passes by -- for an instant we can see that Burton is asleep, an empty bottle by his head. Luther rounding a corner -- -- and we can tell immediately he's in a different house now. Burton's had only old furnishings, these are modern and new. Luther pauses, listening.     Nothing. He moves forward then, turns another corner -- -- and now we can tell he's someplace else -- this is an apartment with a large window looking out on the city. Luther doesn't stop to admire the view.    He moves silently on... HOLD ON the window. And suddenly:   Dawn -- the sun is starting to rise. PULL BACK to reveal -- Gloria Russell, as the ALARM GOES OFF.    She sits -- -- she stretches -- -- then she stares -- something has been taped to her lamp. We are looking at an issue of the Washington Post -- Russell's photo smiles out -- there is a headline that says simply: RUSSELL TO BE CHIEF OF STAFF. Written across her picture are the words: "This shitstorm is your fault -- if we go down, you go down!" Russell takes the paper down, stares at it. Furious. Burton, hung over, staggering into the kitchen of his home, stopping dead. A newspaper is set beside his coffee pot. A front page of the Washington Post. Years back. The lead article reports that a siege has been successfully broken -- -- Burton, bloody and wounded, is being carried to an ambulance. A hero. Across the top these words have been written:					Absolute-Power
BURTON	 (pissed) What are you doing?	COLLIN	 (closes the desk, shrugs) Needed a pen.	BURTON	 (pointing to his desktop) There's pens -- (moving in) -- you don't trust me? --	COLLIN	 (pissed) -- I don't answer to you, asshole	Absolute-Power
COLLIN	 (closes the desk, shrugs) Needed a pen.	BURTON	 (pointing to his desktop) There's pens -- (moving in) -- you don't trust me? --	COLLIN	 (pissed) -- I don't answer to you, asshole	--	 Russell in the doorway now, glaring at them.	Absolute-Power
BURTON	 (pointing to his desktop) There's pens -- (moving in) -- you don't trust me? --	COLLIN	 (pissed) -- I don't answer to you, asshole	--	 Russell in the doorway now, glaring at them.	RUSSELL	 You're both assholes, now move -- And on that -- The note that was sent to Russell and the Polaroid of the letter opener. PULL BACK to reveal -- The Polaroid and the note are on Richmond's desk. He studies them. Russell, Burton and Collin stand silently watching him, their hatred of each other clear. The smell of death's in the room.	Absolute-Power
RUSSELL	 You're both assholes, now move -- And on that -- The note that was sent to Russell and the Polaroid of the letter opener. PULL BACK to reveal -- The Polaroid and the note are on Richmond's desk. He studies them. Russell, Burton and Collin stand silently watching him, their hatred of each other clear. The smell of death's in the room.	RICHMOND	 (holding the note now, his voice is, when he speaks, calm; to Burton) Any idea who could have forged it?	BURTON	 I talked to Seth Frank -- apparently Whitney learned how in prison.	RICHMOND	 Very gifted man. The window as he walks to it, looks out.	Absolute-Power
BURTON	 You're sure you want to do that?	RICHMOND	 (nods) She's a young prosecutor, prosecutors ask questions -- she might know what he knows... (a reassuring smile) Let's get cracking, shall we? (beat) Show you love your country. On those words -- Kate Whitney, getting into the elevator.    Off to work. She pushes for the lobby. The doors close and the elevator starts down. Kate checks her purse to see if she has everything. The "L" is lit -- -- but when the elevator gets there, it does not stop but goes straight on down to the basement. That's strange.     She instinctively moves to the rear of the car. ODD SOUNDS from the basement.     Kate's just the least bit tense. The ODD SOUNDS are LOUDER. And the doors don't open when they should. and now she's starting to get a little scared. The doors sliding open and the Super standing there with tools.	SUPER	 (smiling) Sorry, Miss Whitney, but this thing's giving us a little trouble. Kate nods, smiles back, relieved. Kate, leaving her building, going toward her car, getting in. Down the block is a police car. Two surveillance cops inside. Kate starts to drive -- and so do they. Kate turns a corner -- -- and so do they -- -- and as they do, they pass Luther, parked on the corner. Watching. Satisfied, he drives off in another direction. Luther, heading out of the city.    The sun is higher in the sky. Several cars. Traffic is moving slowly.     Luther continues to drive. Kate, coming out of her office building, hurrying along the sidewalk. Lunch hour. * She goes past some brownstones -- the two cops walk                * behind -- -- the window of one of the brownstones is open, shadowy movement from inside -- -- Kate hurries past, not paying attention... Cops don't either. Now a figure begins to appear in the window -- The figure holds something long and thin, like a rifle barrel -- -- it's a large woman with a long mop -- as she shakes it -- Afternoon and the sun is strong.			Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 Going to guess this wasn't to pep her up.	COLLIN	 (staring, eyes wide) ... you're not going to kill me...	LUTHER	 ... why do you think that...?	COLLIN	 ... you could have but you didn't... Luther.   Kneeling by Collin now.	Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 I need one answer -- when you interviewed Walter Sullivan, did he say why Christy didn't go to Barbados?	SETH	 (shakes his head) Just that she changed her mind. (studying Luther) You know who did it, don't you?	LUTHER	 So will you -- check your phones --	SETH	 (incredulous) -- who'd tap a police officer? No reply -- Luther's already headed for the door as we -- Walter Sullivan, getting into his limousine in front of a Georgetown mansion. Later in the evening. The car starts to move. Walter looks frail and very old now. And somehow smaller. Walter huddled in the back seat, as the street lights illuminate him. He might even be ill. In any case, a sad figure. The limousine, turning a corner. Walter.   Blinking.	Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 So will you -- check your phones --	SETH	 (incredulous) -- who'd tap a police officer? No reply -- Luther's already headed for the door as we -- Walter Sullivan, getting into his limousine in front of a Georgetown mansion. Later in the evening. The car starts to move. Walter looks frail and very old now. And somehow smaller. Walter huddled in the back seat, as the street lights illuminate him. He might even be ill. In any case, a sad figure. The limousine, turning a corner. Walter.   Blinking.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 Is this a shortcut, Tommy?                              *	CHAUFFEUR	 (turns; it's Luther) I'm your replacement driver for the evening, sir. Don't worry, Tommy's fine.                                            *	Absolute-Power
WALTER SULLIVAN	 Is this a shortcut, Tommy?                              *	CHAUFFEUR	 (turns; it's Luther) I'm your replacement driver for the evening, sir. Don't worry, Tommy's fine.                                            *	WALTER SULLIVAN	 Very unusual -- what do I call you?	LUTHER	 Luther, sir.	Absolute-Power
WALTER SULLIVAN	 -- I'm sorry I missed -- I believe in the Old Testament, sir -- there is nothing wrong with an eye for an eye when a terrible deed has been done. (ice) A deed such as yours.	LUTHER	 You want to believe that, don't you? -- Makes your life a lot simpler if you believe that, isn't that right? (big now) What do you think I gain being here? Sullivan.     Contempt.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 Have no idea -- you going to rob me again? --	LUTHER	 I don't need your money, Mr. Sullivan. Look in your vault lately?	Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 I don't need your money, Mr. Sullivan. Look in your vault lately?	WALTER SULLIVAN	 (he has) I'm afraid we're a little late for an attempt at leniency. The CAR.    A SCREAMING TURN.	LUTHER	 Shit's coming down tonight, Mr. Sullivan, do you want to be a player or not? (bigger) Do you want to know what happened, or not? I saw. Your call.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 (beat) I want to know.	Absolute-Power
WALTER SULLIVAN	 (he has) I'm afraid we're a little late for an attempt at leniency. The CAR.    A SCREAMING TURN.	LUTHER	 Shit's coming down tonight, Mr. Sullivan, do you want to be a player or not? (bigger) Do you want to know what happened, or not? I saw. Your call.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 (beat) I want to know.			Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 Shit's coming down tonight, Mr. Sullivan, do you want to be a player or not? (bigger) Do you want to know what happened, or not? I saw. Your call.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 (beat) I want to know.	LUTHER	 Are you up to hearing about it? -- Do you want to hear how he beat the shit out of her and tried to strangle her -- you have enough left for that? --			Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 Are you up to hearing about it? -- Do you want to hear how he beat the shit out of her and tried to strangle her -- you have enough left for that? --	WALTER SULLIVAN	 (a nod) -- I could walk through fire -- Luther, fast now.	LUTHER	 I was in the chair when they came in. (as Sullivan says nothing) They were drunk -- at first he only wanted to bruise her -- she fought back, he went for the kill -- she turned the tables. Then he screamed for help. Pause.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 Who else was in my house?	Absolute-Power
WALTER SULLIVAN	 (a nod) -- I could walk through fire -- Luther, fast now.	LUTHER	 I was in the chair when they came in. (as Sullivan says nothing) They were drunk -- at first he only wanted to bruise her -- she fought back, he went for the kill -- she turned the tables. Then he screamed for help. Pause.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 Who else was in my house?	LUTHER	 Secret Service shot her.	Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 Secret Service shot her.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 (doesn't like it) Nonsense.	LUTHER	 Gloria Russell handled the cover up.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 Stop this --	Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 -- don't you want to know who the man was?	WALTER SULLIVAN	 (desperate) It was you.	LUTHER	 We're too old to bullshit each other, Mr. Sullivan.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 (big) Who was it then?	Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 We're too old to bullshit each other, Mr. Sullivan.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 (big) Who was it then?	LUTHER	 (bigger) You know! Sullivan, shaking his head as Luther roars on.	LUTHER	 You fucking well do, don't shake your head at me -- when you're alone at night, when the rage takes you and you think of what you'd do to revenge her, on those nights you put a face to your enemy.	Absolute-Power
WALTER SULLIVAN	 (big) Who was it then?	LUTHER	 (bigger) You know! Sullivan, shaking his head as Luther roars on.	LUTHER	 You fucking well do, don't shake your head at me -- when you're alone at night, when the rage takes you and you think of what you'd do to revenge her, on those nights you put a face to your enemy.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 (coming apart) Stop the car --	Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 You fucking well do, don't shake your head at me -- when you're alone at night, when the rage takes you and you think of what you'd do to revenge her, on those nights you put a face to your enemy.	WALTER SULLIVAN	 (coming apart) Stop the car --	LUTHER	 -- we're going all the way, Walter --	WALTER SULLIVAN	 -- it's too terrible.	Absolute-Power
WHEELS SCREAM --		LUTHER	 (pressing it) The press conference -- remember? -- he held you in his arms and said if only Christy hadn't gotten sick she would have been with you                     * in Barbados --                                        *	LUTHER (CONT'D)	 (bigger) -- how do you think he knew she was sick? You didn't tell anybody. But he heard it, all right. He heard it from her. That night. And I heard every word -- Walter. For a moment, no reaction. Then he sits back hard. The air's out of him. He just breathes quietly. Then --	WALTER SULLIVAN	 That's not real proof. Luther.   Handing something back.	Absolute-Power
REPORTER #1 (V.O.)	 Mister Sullivan, have you no idea why the President took his own life? Luther stops making coffee, looks at the screen.	WALTER SULLIVAN (V.O.)	 (voice soft) I know he's been feeling the pressure of office more than ever lately. We've talked about it a great deal.	REPORTER #2 (V.O.)	 But why would he stab himself?	WALTER SULLIVAN (V.O.)	 (sadly) That's a question that will haunt me forever. Of course I tried to stop him -- (beat) -- Alan was like a son to me... Luther smiles, takes his coffee, leaves the room as we --	Absolute-Power
REPORTER #2 (V.O.)	 But why would he stab himself?	WALTER SULLIVAN (V.O.)	 (sadly) That's a question that will haunt me forever. Of course I tried to stop him -- (beat) -- Alan was like a son to me... Luther smiles, takes his coffee, leaves the room as we --					Absolute-Power
LUTHER	 He was just checking in. When you're up to it, he said we might come over for dinner. He                                     * mentioned --                                                 *	KATE	 (eyes half open) I know, he lives alone --                                    *	LUTHER	 (smiles) Watch it now. He arranges her sheets.	KATE	 ... you don't have to fuss...	Absolute-Power
KATE	 (eyes half open) I know, he lives alone --                                    *	LUTHER	 (smiles) Watch it now. He arranges her sheets.	KATE	 ... you don't have to fuss...	LUTHER	 You were forever catching colds. She nods, drifts and we --	Absolute-Power
KATE	 ... am I going to be all right?....	LUTHER	 (long pause) We'll be fine. Kate nods, drifts. Luther watches her. Then he goes to his chair -- -- reaches down -- -- pulls out his sketchbook. He turns the pages. Drawings of Kate. He turns to a new page.    Starts drawing her again.   He's really getting good. HOLD ON Luther and Kate.	THE END				Absolute-Power
