BARNES	 Still diving, depth nine hundred feet.  Port clearance to cliff wall, one hundred fifty feet.	FRANK	 (simultaneously) Still diving, depth nine hundred feet.  Port clearance to cliff wall, one hundred fifty feet.	EXEC	 (low, to Captain) It's getting tight in here.	CAPTAIN	 We can still give him a haircut.  Helm, come right to oh six niner, down five degrees.	Abyss, The 
FRANK	 (simultaneously) Still diving, depth nine hundred feet.  Port clearance to cliff wall, one hundred fifty feet.	EXEC	 (low, to Captain) It's getting tight in here.	CAPTAIN	 We can still give him a haircut.  Helm, come right to oh six niner, down five degrees.	HELMSMAN	 Coming right to oh six niner, sir.  Down five degrees.	Abyss, The 
BARNES	 Range to contact, two hundred.  Contact junked to bearing two six oh and accelerated to... one hundred thirty knots, sir!	EXEC	 (really freaked now) Nothing goes one thirty!					Abyss, The 
DEMARCO	 I need them to go to over two thousand.	KIRKHILL	 They can do it. (to McBride) Get Brigman on the line.					Abyss, The 
BUD	 Hey, you guys are milking that job.	CATFISH	 (Kentucky drawl) That's cause we love freezin' our butts off out here sooo much, boss.					Abyss, The 
JAMMER	 (yelling) Bud!  Hippy's on the bitch-box.  It's a call from topside.  That new company man.	BUD	 Kirkhill?  That guy doesn't know his butt from a rathole.  Hey, Perry!	BUD	 Do me a favor and square away the mud hose and those cable slings.  This place is starting to look like my apartment.			Abyss, The 
PILOT	 No way I'm putting her down.  I shouldn't even be flying in this shit.	COFFEY	 (cool) Just hold it over the deck.	COFFEY	 You want to be on that ship, there's only one way it's going to happen.			Abyss, The 
LINDSEY	 I can't believe you let them do this!	BUD	 (unpreturbed, almost cheerful) Hi, Lins.  I thought you were in Houston.	LINDSEY	 I was, but I managed to bum a ride on the last flight out here.  Only here isn't where I left it, is it, Bud?	BUD	 Wasn't up to me.	Abyss, The 
LINDSEY	 Bates is sick.  Besides I've got more hours in this thing than he does. (to Coffey) A little change of plan.	COFFEY	 Lady, we better fish or cut bait.	LINDSEY	 Just hold your water, okay? (to Kirkhill) So Kirkhill, we gonna do this or we gonna talk about it?			Abyss, The 
COFFEY	 Lady, we better fish or cut bait.	LINDSEY	 Just hold your water, okay? (to Kirkhill) So Kirkhill, we gonna do this or we gonna talk about it?					Abyss, The 
LINDSEY	 Don't call me that, okay... I hate that.  Alright, from now on we watch each other closely for signs of HPNS...	MONK	 (as if by rote) High-Pressure Nervous Syndrome.  Muscle tremors, usually in the hands first.  Nausea, increased excitability, disorientation.	LINDSEY	 Very good.  About one person in twenty just can't handle it.  They go buggo.  They're no way to predict who's susceptible, so stay alert.	COFFEY	 Look, we've all made chamber runs to this depth. We're checked out.	Abyss, The 
COFFEY	 Look, we've all made chamber runs to this depth. We're checked out.	LINDSEY	 Oh... chamber runs.  Uh huh, that's good. (Coffey turn away) Well, hey... you guys know any songs?					Abyss, The 
JAMMER	 Howdy, there, little lady.	COFFEY	 (to Jammer) Show us the dive prep area.  We need to check out your gear.	LINDSEY	 Those guys are about a much fun as a tax audit.			Abyss, The 
BUD	 You never did like being called that, did you?	LINDSEY	 Not even when it meant something. (looking through the front port) Is that One Night up in Flatbed?	BUD	 Who else?	LINSEY	 Hi, One Night, it's Lindsey.	Abyss, The 
BUD	 (yelling) You wanna know what I think?	LINDSEY	 Not particularly.  Jeez, look where this is set! Morons.	BUD	 I think you were worried about me.			Abyss, The 
BUD	 My bunk's the only one I can guarantee won't be occupied.  You can grab a couple hours before we get there. (something your fiancee might have picked out if she had a degree from	LINDSEY	 What are you still wearing that for?	BUD	 I don't know.  Divorce ain't final.  Forgot to take it off.			Abyss, The 
HIPPY	 No way!  No way!  He can't fly an ROV worth shit.  I'll go.  Shit!	COFFEY	 (to all) On the dive, you will do absolutely nothing without direct orders from me, and you will follow my instructions without discussion.  Is this clear?  Alright, I want everyone finished prep and ready to get wet in fifteen minutes.	BUD	 Look, it's three AM.  These guys are running on bad coffee and four hours sleep.  You better start cutting them some slack.	COFFEY	 I can't afford slack, Brigman.	Abyss, The 
HIPPY	 How deep?	MONK	 Deep. (shrugs) It's classified... you know.  Anyway, you breathe liquid, so you can't be compressed. Pressure doesn't get to you.	CATFISH	 You're saying you get liquid in your lungs?	MONK	 Oxygenated fluorocarbon emulsion.	Abyss, The 
MONK (V.O.)	 Stand by on the ROV.	HIPPY	 Perry, stand by on the ROV. (to Little Geek) Sorry about this, little buddy.  Better you than me, know what I mean?					Abyss, The 
LINDSEY	 I can extend that.  There's some storage tanks outboard on the wrecked module.  I'll have to go outside to tie onto them.	BUD	 Hey, Lins... (she looks up) I'm glad your here.	LINDSEY	 Yeah?  Well I'm not.			Abyss, The 
HIPPY	 That's Perry.	BUD	 (lets his breath out slowly) That's it then.  Finler, McWhirter, Dietz, and Perry.  Jesus.	HIPPY	 (gestured at the screen) Do we just leave him there?	BUD	 Yeah, for now.  Our first priority's to get something to breathe.	Abyss, The 
BUD	 (lets his breath out slowly) That's it then.  Finler, McWhirter, Dietz, and Perry.  Jesus.	HIPPY	 (gestured at the screen) Do we just leave him there?	BUD	 Yeah, for now.  Our first priority's to get something to breathe.			Abyss, The 
COFFEY	 I want 'round-the-clock manning of the sonar shack and the exterior cameras.  We need early warning if the Soviet craft try another incursion.	LINDSEY	 (rolling her eyes) Gimme a break!  Coffey, these things live three and a half miles down on the bottom of an abyssal trench!  Trust me... they're not speaking Russian.	COFFEY	 (to One Night) Why haven't you finished repairs on the hydrophone transmitter yet?			Abyss, The 
LINDSEY	 (rolling her eyes) Gimme a break!  Coffey, these things live three and a half miles down on the bottom of an abyssal trench!  Trust me... they're not speaking Russian.	COFFEY	 (to One Night) Why haven't you finished repairs on the hydrophone transmitter yet?					Abyss, The 
LINDSEY	 You're right... I don't.  I just need to know that this thing is out of here!  You hear me, Roger Ramjet?	COFFEY	 Mrs. Brigman, you're becoming a serious impediment to this mission.  I believe the stress is affecting you. (to Schoenick) Escort her to quarters and have Monk prepare a tranquilizer.	LINDSEY	 Bullshit, you can't do that.  Oww... goddamnit!	BUD	 Emergency!  Maintenance room B.  Emergency!	Abyss, The 
CATFISH	 What's the problem?	BUD	 Nothing.  We were just leaving. (to her) Weren't we?	COFFEY	 They can't be trusted.  They're turning against us.  We may have to take... steps.			Abyss, The 
COFFEY	 FREEZE!  Don't move.  That's it. (to Monk) Here, hold this a second.  We're going to phase three.	HIPPY	 They're using Big Geek to take the bomb to the NTIs!  We set it up to go right to them.	LINDSEY	 Oh my God...  Oh no... (steps toward Coffey) Please, you can't.  Coffey, think about what you're doing... for God's sake--			Abyss, The 
HIPPY	 They're using Big Geek to take the bomb to the NTIs!  We set it up to go right to them.	LINDSEY	 Oh my God...  Oh no... (steps toward Coffey) Please, you can't.  Coffey, think about what you're doing... for God's sake--	SCHOENICK		GET BACK!		Abyss, The 
BUD	 Then I guess you better wish me luck, huh?	CATFISH	 Wish us luck. (hands his wallet to Hippy) 'Case I don't die.  Okay, Bud... let's go, podner, I ain't got all day.					Abyss, The 
CATFISH	 Hey!	BUD	 (to Catfish) Get the door!					Abyss, The 
LINDSEY	 Well, that's that.	BUD	 Wonderful. (looking around) There's some light from somewhere...	LINDSEY	 Over there.  It's the rig.	BUD	 Good hundred yards, I'd say.	Abyss, The 
LINDSEY	 Okay, look, you swim to the rig and come back with another suit.	BUD	 Seven, eight minute swim each way... not enough time.  Look at this... (the rate of flooding) Time I get back you'll be--	BUD	 Alright, put this on.	LINDSEY	 What, you growing gills all of a sudden?  You got it on, keep it on.	Abyss, The 
BUD	 Come on, One Night... what are you waiting for?	CATFISH	 (gently) Bud, it's over, man.  It's over.	BUD	 No!  NO!  She's not... her heart is strong, she wants to live... can't you see that?  Come on, Lins.  Come on, baby!  Zap her again!  Do it... DO IT!	BUD	 Come on, breath!  Goddamn it, you bitch, you never backed down from anything in life... now fight!	Abyss, The 
BUD	 Who then?	MONK	 The fluid prevents your larynx from making sound.  It'll feel a little strange. (a beat) The moment of truth, huh?	BUD	 Okay.  Let's rock and roll.	MONK	 Relax now, Bud.  Just keep breathing as it fills... don't fight it.  Take it in.  Just let yourself take it in.	Abyss, The 
MONK	 Hold him.  Hold him.  This is normal... it'll pass in a second.  You're gonna be okay.  We all breathe liquid for nine months, Bud.  Your body will remember.	LINDSEY	 Can you hear me okay? (another thumbs up) Try your keypad.	LINDSEY	 I already have, moron.	HIPPY	 I redid Little Geek's chip the same as Big Geek! He should take you right to it.  All you gotta do is hang on!	Abyss, The 
DEMARCO	 Where?	BENDIX	 Where?  EVERYWHERE!! (looks out the window) Over there!  Port bow.					Abyss, The 
