RANDY	 Crazy White Man is now Drowsy White Man.	ORLEAN (O.S.)	 (wistful) John Laroche is a tall guy, skinny as a stick, pale-eyed, slouch-shouldered and sharply handsome despite the fact that he is missing all his front teeth.	ORLEAN	 Two years ago I went to Florida to meet Laroche after reading a small article about a white man and three Seminole men arrested with rare orchids they'd stolen out of a place called the...			Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 (with studied modesty) Oh, thank you.	VALERIE	 And we're thrilled you're interested.	KAUFMAN	 Oh, thanks, wow. That's nice to hear.			Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 Thanks.   Thank you.   Thanks.	VALERIE	 (looking up) So --	KAUFMAN	 Sort of hot in here.	VALERIE	 (kindly) Yeah, it is a bit. So, why don't you tell me your thoughts on this crazy little project of ours.	Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 Sort of hot in here.	VALERIE	 (kindly) Yeah, it is a bit. So, why don't you tell me your thoughts on this crazy little project of ours.	KAUFMAN	 First, I think it's a great book.			Adaptation
MARGARET	 You should take this job. Doesn't it sound exciting, to immerse yourself in a real subject and learn everything about it? Blake wrote about seeing heaven in a wild flower. And after you learn all this stuff, you can teach me!	KAUFMAN	 (thrilled but controlled) That'd be fun.	MARGARET	 God, they're such beautiful flowers.    And so sexy. Y'know? (whispering) Did you know that orchid means --	KAUFMAN	 Testicle.     I just read that.	Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 (thrilled but controlled) That'd be fun.	MARGARET	 God, they're such beautiful flowers.    And so sexy. Y'know? (whispering) Did you know that orchid means --	KAUFMAN	 Testicle.     I just read that.	MARGARET	 (shrieks with delight) Testicle! Can you believe it!	Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 Testicle.     I just read that.	MARGARET	 (shrieks with delight) Testicle! Can you believe it!	MARGARET (CONT'D)	 I swear, it'd be fucking great for someone to have the testicles to make that book into a movie, man. Instead of this bullshit all the time. Something not about sex and violence and car chases and love stories, people learning profound lessons. Jesus, isn't nature enough?			Adaptation
BOY (CONT'D)	 I want this then.	MOTHER	 (hugging him) A wonderful choice! And spiritually significant! Did you know that Native Americans believe the whole world rests on the back of a turtle?	BOY	 Cool!   I can't wait to tell the guys.	MARGARET	 To a fucking awesome assignment, man.	Adaptation
MARGARET	 Absolutely. I think David, this guy I'm seeing, would enjoy it, too. He's a real naturalist. Okay if he comes along?	KAUFMAN	 (covering heartbreak) Yeah, of course. Sure.	MARGARET	 He wants to meet you anyway.     All I do is tell him how great you are.	KAUFMAN	 Oh, thanks. That's nice to hear.	Adaptation
TONY	 Okay, I'm asking then.	LAROCHE	 Oh, Okay then! Let's see... (peeking in bags) Five kinds of bromeliad, one peperomia, nine orchid varieties. About a hundred and thirty plants all told, which my colleagues have removed from the swamp.	TONY	 You're aware that it's illegal to remove plants or animals from state owned land?	LAROCHE	 And don't forget these plants are all endangered, sir. Every one of them.	Adaptation
TONY	 Exactly. Well, that's exactly the issue. This is a state preserve.	LAROCHE	 Yes, sir, it is. (afterthought) Oh, and my colleagues are all Seminole Indians. Did I mention that? You're familiar, I'm sure, with the State of Florida v. James E. Billie.	LAROCHE (CONT'D)	 So you know that even though Seminole Chief Billie killed a Florida panther, one of, what, forty in the entire world?	LAROCHE (CONT'D)	 The state couldn't successfully prosecute him. Because he's an Indian and it's his right. As repugnant as you or I as white conservationists might find his actions.	Adaptation
RUSSELL	 Yeah.	TONY	 Yeah, but I don't... I can't let you fellas go yet. Just hold on while I... (into radio) Hey, Barry, can I get some help? Barry?	ORLEAN	 Nothing in Florida seems hard or permanent. The developed places are just little clearings in the jungle, but the jungle is unstoppably fertile, everything is always growing or expanding. At the same time, the wilderness disappears before your eyes.			Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 A job is a plan. Is your plan a job?	DONALD	 (big build up) I'm gonna be a screenwriter!   Like you!	DONALD (CONT'D)	 I know you think this is just one of my get-rich-quick schemes. But I'm doing it right this time. I'm taking a seminar!			Adaptation
DONALD (O.S.)	 It's only five hundred bucks!	KAUFMAN	 (muffled by pillow) Screenwriting seminars are bullshit.	DONALD (O.S.)	 In theory I agree with you. But this one is highly regarded within the industry.	KAUFMAN	 Donald, don't say "industry."	Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 Anybody who says he's got "the answer" is going to attract desperate people. Be it in the world of religion --	DONALD	 (indicating his back) I just need to lie down while you explain this to me. Sorry. I apologize. (lies down, stares at ceiling) Okay, go ahead. Sorry. Okay. Go.	KAUFMAN	 There are no rules to follow, Donald, and anybody who says there are, is just --			Adaptation
MIKE OWEN	 I'm sorry, Encyclia what?	LAROCHE	 (pointing to each) Coch-le-ata. Tem-pen-sis. (checks Owen's spelling) Okay, let's see, twenty-two Epidendrum Nocturnum. A very good haul. Two Catopsi Floribunda. Three Polyrrhiza Lindenii, the ghost orchid. What I really came for. These sweeties grow nowhere in the U.S. except in your swamp.	MIKE OWEN	 That true? Boy, you really know your plants, Mr. Laroche.			Adaptation
LERNER	 Finally, Mr. Laroche, what is your experience in the area of horticulture?	LAROCHE	 Okay, I've been a professional horticulturist for twelve years. I've owned a plant nursery of my own which was destroyed by the hurricane. I'm a professional plant lecturer. I've given at least sixty lectures on the cultivation of plants. I'm a published author, both in magazine and book form. I have extensive experience with orchids, and the asexual micropropagation of orchids under aseptic cultures.   This is laboratory work, not at all like your nursery work. (grins) I'm probably the smartest person I know.	LERNER	 Thank you.	LAROCHE	 You're very welcome.	Adaptation
DONALD (CONT'D)	 No, wait. See, he's being hunted by a cop. And he's taunting the cop, right? Sending clues who his next victim is. He's already holding her hostage in his creepy basement. So the cop gets obsessed with figuring out her identity, and in the process he falls in love with her. Even though he's never even met her. She becomes, like, the unattainable, like the Holy Grail.	KAUFMAN	 (through a blanket) It's a little obvious, don't you think?	DONALD	 Okay, but there's a twist. See, we find out the killer suffers from multiple personality disorder. Okay? See, he's really also the cop and the girl. All of them. It's all him! Isn't that crazy?	KAUFMAN	 Look, the only idea more overused than serial killers, is multiple personality. On top of that you explore the notion that cop and criminal are really two aspects of the same person. See every cop movie ever made for other examples of this.	Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 Um. Hi. Thank you. The key lime pie, please. A small slice. I'm watching my... And a coffee, please. Skim milk.	ALICE	 (sees book) Orchids! I absolutely love orchids.	KAUFMAN	 Yes.   They're really great.	ALICE	 So, I'll be right back with your pie.	Adaptation
MOTHER	 What do you have to do, honey?	BOY	 Collect one of every turtle in the world. (beat) It's a long list, ma. Cuora galbinifrons, Graptemys versa, Callagur borneoensis, all the Galapagos species, people think there's only one, but that's hardly the case. Cycloderma frenatum, Cuora pani... (sighs) I don't think my life is worth living if I can't do this.	MOTHER	 Well, we'd better get started, huh, baby?			Adaptation
ORLEAN	 Wow, that's some story. So how many turtles did you end up collecting?	LAROCHE	 (matter-of-fact) Oh, I lost interest right after that.	ORLEAN	 Oh.	LAROCHE	 I dropped turtles when I fell in love with Ice Age fossils. Learned everything about them. Collected the shit out of 'em. Fossils were the only thing made any sense to me in this fucking world. Y'know?	Adaptation
LAROCHE (CONT'D)	 I vow to never set foot in the ocean again, that's how much fuck fish. That was seventeen years ago and I have never since stuck so much as a toe into that ocean. And I love the ocean!	ORLEAN	 (beat) But why?	LAROCHE	 (shrugs) Done with fish.	THERAPIST	 So --	Adaptation
ORLEAN	 (beat) But why?	LAROCHE	 (shrugs) Done with fish.	THERAPIST	 So --	KAUFMAN	 I'm still obsessed with that girl.	Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 (thrilled she remembered) Okay, yeah! That sounds great!     Yeah!	ALICE	 I'll pick you out an extra large piece. Preferred customer.	KAUFMAN	 Thank you.     That's really sweet of you.			Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 That's what's called an epiphyte.	ALICE	 (pointing at him excitedly) Right! Boy, you know your stuff, huh?	KAUFMAN	 Not really. I'm just learning. Epiphytes grow on trees, but they're not parasites. They get all their nourishment from the air and rain.	ALICE	 Well, I'm impressed.    That's great.	Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 I'm sorry.     I apologize.   I'm sorry.	ALICE	 (nodding) So I'll be right back with your pie then.	KAUFMAN (V.O.)	 I am fat.     I am old. I am repulsive.	ORLEAN	 There are more than thirty thousand known orchid species. One species looks like a German shepherd...	Adaptation
TEENAGED LAROCHE	 Maybe somehow she can see it.    Y'know?	MOTHER	 (beat) So... after this one how many, honey?	TEENAGED LAROCHE	 Only one hundred and seventeen more.			Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 I'm successful, right? I mean, I could say to a woman, I'm a screenwriter and she'd look at me differently. I could get laid. But I want someone to like me. For me. Y'know?    The way I like them. The way I'd do anything for that woman walking down the street. A million women walking down the street. I don't need to know what their jobs are. No one will ever love me like that. Like I love almost every woman I see.	LAROCHE	 Once you get the sickness, it takes over your life. I started out just photographing 'em. Now look at me. (dramatic pause) It'll happen to you. You'll see.	ORLEAN	 I don't think so.     I'm not prone to --			Adaptation
LAROCHE	 Angraecum sesquipedale! Beauty! God! Darwin wrote about this one. Charles Darwin? Evolution guy? Hello?	ORLEAN	 (annoyed) I know who Darwin is.	DARWIN (V.O.)	 Therefore I should infer from analogy that probably all the organic beings which have ever lived on this earth have descended from some one primordial form, into which life was first breathed.	KAUFMAN	 Okay, opening of movie. Four billion years ago. Life has not begun. Endless, barren terrain. Silence. Silence.	Adaptation
DONALD	 McKee is a genius! And hilarious! He just comes up with these great jokes, and everyone laughs! But he's serious, too. You'd love him. He's all for originality, just like you! But he says, we have to realize we all write in a genre, so we must find originality within that genre. See, it turns out there hasn't been a new genre since Fellini invented the mockumentary!	KAUFMAN	 (sadly, quietly) You and I share the same DNA. Is there anything more lonely than that?	HUSBAND	 You want to do something tonight?			Adaptation
ORLEAN (V.O.)	 Laroche is an optimist. That is, he sees a profitable outcome in every situation. When he was a young man he worked in construction.	LAROCHE	 (pleased with himself) Asclepiadaceae. From thirty yards.   Yes.	LAROCHE	 (laughing) ... I broke my back. Exactly how my dad did. Isn't that a psycho coincidence? (far away) Y'know, the way I see it, we're a family of ailments and pain. (suddenly excited.) But, anyway, it was a godsend.	ORLEAN (V.O.)	 Laroche once spilled toxic pesticide into a cut on his hand. It resulted in permanent heart and liver damage. Most people would consider this a terrible accident. Laroche considered it a success...	Adaptation
ORLEAN (V.O.)	 ... because he sold an article about it.	LAROCHE	 I consider the broken back -- in three places, by the way. I have x-rays -- (fishes through bag) -- a stroke of goddamn luck. I got disability, married the sweetest woman in the world. And me and my lovely new wife -- my now ex-wife, the bitch -- got to open our nursery.	KAUFMAN (V.O.)	 Movie opens with Susan Orlean typing. (refers to Orchid Thief) "John Laroche is a tall guy, skinny as a stick... (stops, flips through book) Movie opens with a young boy picking out his first pet... (stops, flips through book) Movie opens with...			Adaptation
LAROCHE	 I consider the broken back -- in three places, by the way. I have x-rays -- (fishes through bag) -- a stroke of goddamn luck. I got disability, married the sweetest woman in the world. And me and my lovely new wife -- my now ex-wife, the bitch -- got to open our nursery.	KAUFMAN (V.O.)	 Movie opens with Susan Orlean typing. (refers to Orchid Thief) "John Laroche is a tall guy, skinny as a stick... (stops, flips through book) Movie opens with a young boy picking out his first pet... (stops, flips through book) Movie opens with...	LAROCHE	 People started coming out of the woodwork, to ask me stuff, to admire my plants, to admire me.			Adaptation
JERRY	 It's not only about flowers. It's got that crazy plant nut guy. He's funny, right?	KAUFMAN	 "There is not nearly enough of him to fill a book," blah blah blah, so Orlean "digresses in long passes" blah blah blah "no narrative really unites these passages." Blah blah blah blah blah. (looking up defiantly)	KAUFMAN (CONT'D)	 New York Times Book Review. I can't structure this. It's that sprawling New Yorker shit.			Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 Nothing much. That's what I like. I mean, most people's lives don't include a lot of drama and I wanted to sort of be compelling without having to resort to big, um... Y'know what I mean?	WOMAN	 (glancing distractedly around) Absolutely. I absolutely do.	KAUFMAN	 It's, like, Blake talked about seeing the world in a grain of sand and heaven in a wild flower. Y'know? Or like Hegel?	KAUFMAN (V.O.)	 I am a failure. I'm a poseur. I have no ideas. I wanted to do something great. There's no story. I'm fat. I'm repuls--	Adaptation
LAROCHE (PHONE VOICE)	 I'd love to, but, hey, I'm banned for the next six months. Goddamn crucified me. Get one of them monkey-suited rangers to take you. 'Course, they wouldn't be able to locate a ghost, if it climbed off a tree and shoved itself up their ass. Hey, put that in the article.	KAUFMAN	 (calling off-screen) Travelling into the Fakahatchee, Donald, is a perfect metaphor for writing. I'm stepping into the confusion of the unknown. I'm taking the big risk here.	KAUFMAN	 It's dark, dangerous, as dense as steel wool. I don't know if I'll come out alive, but if I do, I'll have something true to give the world. That's the difference between writing and aping some moron's "principles."			Adaptation
MIKE OWEN	 Charlie?	KAUFMAN	 (tremulous) Yes. Hi.	MIKE OWEN	 So the whole ecosystem is six thousand years old. Five to six thousand years old. About that. Five or six.	KAUFMAN	 Okay.	Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 It's not even hot. I was expecting it to be awful. Sun beating down, wading through water, looking out for snakes, wild hogs. I was thinking it would be dramatic. Alligators. Something!	MIKE OWEN	 The alligators are over by the lakes. The temperature's a blessing for us. This time of year can get uncomfortably hot. (pointing excitedly) Green anole. Florida's most common.	MIKE OWEN (CONT'D)	 I try to keep a log of sightings.	ORLEAN (V.O.)	 It had been a hard day and I hadn't seen what I'd come to see. Maybe the ghost orchid was a ghost after all.	Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 Listen, um, Susan Orlean wrote about a legendary creature called a Swamp Ape. Have you ever heard stories or --	MIKE OWEN	 (pissy) Tourist garbage! I don't know why people need to invent silly creatures to make nature fascinating. Isn't nature amazing enough?	KAUFMAN	 (shamed) I just asked because she mentioned it.	ORLEAN	 That night I called Laroche.	Adaptation
MIKE OWEN	 (pissy) Tourist garbage! I don't know why people need to invent silly creatures to make nature fascinating. Isn't nature amazing enough?	KAUFMAN	 (shamed) I just asked because she mentioned it.	ORLEAN	 That night I called Laroche.	ORLEAN	 (into phone) I didn't see anything but bare roots.	Adaptation
KAUFMAN (V.O.)	 What I didn't say to him was that life seemed to be filled with things that were just like the ghost orchid -- wonderful to imagine and easy to fall in love with but a little fantastic and fleeting and out of reach.	LAROCHE (PHONE VOICE)	 (beat,clears throat) Jesus Christ, of course there are ghost orchids out there! I've stolen them!	LAROCHE (PHONE VOICE) (CONT'D)	 (beat, a cleared throat) You should have gone with me.			Adaptation
LAROCHE (PHONE VOICE) (CONT'D)	 (beat, a cleared throat) You should have gone with me.	VALERIE (O.C.)	 Beautifully written. A really unique piece.	ORLEAN	 Thank you.      Thanks very much.			Adaptation
VALERIE	 Y'know, we'd really like to option it.	ORLEAN	 (laughing) You want to make this into a movie?	VALERIE	 Laroche is such a fun character.   So...	LAROCHE	 No shit I'm a fun character. (beat) Who's gonna play me?	Adaptation
VALERIE	 Laroche is such a fun character.   So...	LAROCHE	 No shit I'm a fun character. (beat) Who's gonna play me?	ORLEAN	 I've got to write it first. Someone's gotta write the screenplay. Most things never get made. It's premature to --	LAROCHE	 I think I should play me.	Adaptation
LAROCHE (PHONE VOICE)	 (groggy) Yeah?	ORLEAN	 John, it's Susan. (waits for response) Orlean. (waits) So, I was just wondering if you might be willing to talk some more.	LAROCHE (PHONE VOICE)	 What about?	ORLEAN	 C'mon, John, I'm trying to put together a book. Don't just abandon me down here.	Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 California.	GUY ON BENCH	 (excitedly) Yeah? I'm moving to L.A. I just wrote a screenplay. I sent it to a lot of agents. But if they turn me down, I'll go there and market it myself. I used to be in marketing in New York, so I know exactly how to sell this thing. (beat) Where's a nice place to live if you don't have a car?	KAUFMAN	 You kind of need a car. I guess West Hollywood would be okay.	GUY ON BENCH	 So you recommend West Hollywood then.	Adaptation
GUY ON BENCH (CONT'D)	 Well, the object is to make people think you're going in one direction, then you twist it to keep 'em surprised. I came up with all these amazing twists out of nowhere. Well, not nowhere. (beat) I'm a born again Christian. (beat) You have faith?	KAUFMAN	 No.     Not really.	GUY ON BENCH	 You don't believe in anything?			Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 I'd smell it.	GUY ON BENCH	 (annoyed) No. You can't smell vodka.    You'd have to taste it, right?	KAUFMAN	 It could be poison.    I don't know you.	GUY ON BENCH	 (angry) Look, let's go with the analogy I'm drawing here. It's not poison. Okay? (resuming control)	Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 It could be poison.    I don't know you.	GUY ON BENCH	 (angry) Look, let's go with the analogy I'm drawing here. It's not poison. Okay? (resuming control)	GUY ON BENCH (CONT'D)	 So you'd have to taste it to know. Right? That's my point.			Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 Right.	GUY ON BENCH	 That's all I'm saying. (beat) So West Hollywood, huh? I think I'll make it out this year. Because how long can you look at an ocean, y'know?	KAUFMAN (V.O.)	 I have failed. I have nothing to say.    I am fat. I am not a writer.	DRIVER	 Mr. Kaufman, do you mind if I ask what type of work you do for Sony?	Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 I'm a writer.	DRIVER	 (impressed) A song writer?	KAUFMAN	 No, I'm a screenwriter.	DRIVER	 Oh, wow! Good for you. You mind if I ask what your movie's about?	Adaptation
DONALD	 How was Florida, man?	KAUFMAN	 (climbing the stairs) Okay.	DONALD	 Cool! Hey, my script's going amazing! Right now I'm working out an Image System. Bob calls it an invaluable asset. Because of my multiple personality theme, I've chosen the motif of broken mirrors to show my protagonist's fragmented self. Bob teaches that an Image System greatly increases the complexity of an aesthetic emotion.	KAUFMAN	 You sound like you're in a cult.	Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 You sound like you're in a cult.	DONALD	 No, it's just good writing technique. (types, then:)	DONALD (CONT'D)	 Oh, I made you a copy of McKee's Ten Commandments. I've posted one over both our work areas.			Adaptation
ORLEAN PHOTO (CONT'D)	 (sweet, flirty smile) I figured there might be something...	KAUFMAN	 We see Susan Orlean, delicate, fragile, beautiful, haunted by loneliness, typing at her desk. She looks at the camera and talks to us: "John Laroche is a tall guy, skinny as a stick, pale-eyed, slouch- shouldered..."	DONALD	 Morning.			Adaptation
DONALD	 Yeah, hey, that's the big pay-off.	KAUFMAN	 (nice) Well, it sounds exciting.	DONALD	 Thanks, man. Thanks.			Adaptation
ORLEAN	 I suppose what I'd been doing in Florida was trying to understand how people found order and contentment and a sense of purpose in the universe by fixing their sighs on one single desire. Now I was also trying to understand how someone could end such intense desire without a trace.	LAROCHE (PHONE VOICE)	 (groggy) Yeah what?	ORLEAN	 Hello, John, it's Susan.	LAROCHE (PHONE VOICE)	 Yeah hi.	Adaptation
ORLEAN	 If you really loved something, wouldn't a little of it always linger?	KAUFMAN (V.O.)	 Susan Orlean drives. The golden light of the afternoon sun caresses her sweet face. She talks to us. (copying from book) "Florida is a landscape of transition and mutation, a hybrid of ..."	KAUFMAN (V.O.)	 Susan and her husband eat dinner in silence. A dying relationship. Husband: You want to do something tonight? Susan: I should work. Y'know. I got stuff...	KAUFMAN	 I'm so thrilled I get to adapt your book, get to merge my thoughts with yours. I love that. It's intimate, like a marriage.	Adaptation
VALERIE (PHONE VOICE)	 Great.    So I spoke to Susan yesterday.	KAUFMAN	 (beat) Oh. Uh-huh, uh-huh.	VALERIE (PHONE VOICE)	 I told her you were making terrific progress and she's really excited to read the script.			Adaptation
ORLEAN	 Uh-huh.	LAROCHE	 See, I found you two already. I'll show you every orchid you want today. I'll find you a fucking ghost if it kills me. (pointing to another orchid) Rigid Epidendrum. That's an ugly-ass orchid. But I'm no snob. I'm interested in all orchids. Not just pretty ones.	LAROCHE	 (peppy) They're right nearby.    Just follow me.			Adaptation
LAROCHE	 (peppy) They're right nearby.    Just follow me.	KAUFMAN (V.O.)	 Reads Vanity Fair. Funny detail: New Yorker writer reads Vanity Fair. Use!	KAUFMAN (V.O.) (CONT'D)	 Likes tuna, drinks ice tea. Good character details. Good stuff!			Adaptation
LAROCHE (CONT'D)	 So do you collect anything?	ORLEAN	 (non-responsive) Not really.	LAROCHE	 Well, y'know it's not really about collecting the thing, it's about --	ORLEAN	 The sundial isn't working.	Adaptation
KAUFMAN (V.O.)	 It is my weakness, my ultimate lack of conviction that brings me here with all these desperate idiots lapping up everything this bag of wind spouts. Easy answers. Rules to short-cut yourself to success. And here I am, because my jaunt into the abyss brought me nothing. Well, isn't that the risk one takes for attempting something new. I should leave here right now. I'll start over -- (starts to rise) I need to face this project head on and --	MCKEE	 ... and God help you if you use voice- over in your work, my friends.	MCKEE	 God fucking help you! It's flaccid, sloppy writing. Any idiot can write voice-over narration to explain the thoughts of a character. You must present the internal conflicts of your character in image, in symbol. Film is a medium of movement and image.			Adaptation
MCKEE	 (trying to recall) I need more.	KAUFMAN	 I was the one who thought things didn't happen in life.	MCKEE	 Oh, right, okay.    Nice to see you.			Adaptation
MCKEE	 I see. That's not a movie.     You must go back and put in the drama.	KAUFMAN	 (pause) I've got pages of false starts and wrong approaches. I'm way past my deadline. I can't go back.	MCKEE	 Ah, the everpresent deadline. Yes, I was doing a Kojak once and... it was hell.	MCKEE (CONT'D)	 Tell you a secret. The last act makes the film. You can have an uninvolving, tedious movie, but wow them at the end, and you've got a hit. Find an ending. Use what you've learned this weekend. Give them that and you'll be fine.	Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 I know. Just for fun. How would the great Donald end this script?	DONALD	 (giggling) The great Donald. (serious) Well, I mean... do you need the whole court case?	KAUFMAN	 Uh, it's what happened to Laroche.   It's kind of important.			Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 C'mon, you're the "mill-five" kid.	DONALD	 (enjoying this) Shut up! (thinks) I love the Laroche porno web-site stuff. Is that real? Maybe make a bigger deal of that. I don't know.	KAUFMAN	 I think it's real.   I haven't actually seen the site.			Adaptation
DONALD	 I'll get a closer look.   You wait here.	KAUFMAN	 (momentously) No, I want to go. I should go. I mean, it should be me, right? I mean...	DONALD	 Go for it, bro. You the man.			Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 I'm the guy adapting her book.      Her book about you.	LAROCHE	 Jesus Fucking Christ. (then, trying to make sense) Why the fuck were you in my backyard?	KAUFMAN	 I was, um, trying... I don't know.	ORLEAN	 Who's the bloody fat guy?	Adaptation
LAROCHE	 This is the fellow adapting your book for the movies, darling'.	ORLEAN	 (excited) Really? I wanted to meet -- (realizing) Oh. What does he know?	KAUFMAN	 I don't know anything.   I swear.			Adaptation
LAROCHE	 He knows about the greenhouse. (to Orlean) We can't have this appear on the silver screen.	KAUFMAN	 It won't.    I don't even under --	ORLEAN	 Johnny, I'm so tired now.			Adaptation
LAROCHE	 Focus, darling'. Is this credible?	ORLEAN	 (concentrates) Um, oh... this screenwriter was killed doing research in Jamaica a few years ago. (to Kaufman) Screenwriter, you have a car?	KAUFMAN	 I, um, no, I --			Adaptation
LAROCHE	 Good.   I like that.	ORLEAN	 (to Kaufman) Sorry.	KAUFMAN	 Please.	KAUFMAN	 I thought I had a sense of you from your book. (beat) I had a little crush on you, to tell the truth. You're different than I thought.	Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 Look, I don't care what you two are you doing.   Please don't kill me.	ORLEAN	 Hey, here's one of my lines. (mockingly reading from screen) "Isn't it ironic? You adapting my book? My three years in Florida meditating on my inability to experience passion resulted in my finding it with you."	KAUFMAN	 I was trying to do something.			Adaptation
ORLEAN	 Yeah, I know, Charlie-boy. Chill. I'm laughing at who I used to be. It's sad.	KAUFMAN	 So now you learned about passion. (jealous) From Weirdo Laroche. Bully for you.	ORLEAN	 You can't learn about passion. You can be passion. And it wasn't John who made me passion. It was orchids.	KAUFMAN	 I thought you didn't even like orchids.	Adaptation
ORLEAN (CONT'D)	 Follow him, please.	LAROCHE	 This spot looks good. (thinking aloud) Now how do we do this? Hit him in the head with a rock first? Keeping in mind we can only hit him once and only with as much force as would be created by him slipping and falling onto the rock.	ORLEAN	 Holy Jesus. Holy...   Hey, baby, hey...	LAROCHE	 Should we drown him, then hit him on the head? Uh-uh. A body bleeds different if the heart's stopped. These new forensic guys are very smart. We really have to know our corpses to stand a chance: rigor mortis, lividity, putrefecation, ocular changes.	Adaptation
LAROCHE (CONT'D)	 Maybe you think we hit him on the head and force water into his lungs after he's dead? No, darlin'. They'll know he didn't drown. See, contrary to popular belief, the lungs do not -- do not -- fill with water in a drowning. What happens is, choking causes an irritation of the mucous membranes. This creates a shitload of mucus in the windpipe. Efforts to breathe turn the mucus into a sticky foam which may or may not mix with vomit. It's the presence of this white foam that indicates drowning. There's a lot to be aware of, Susie. Shoeprints, hair, microscopic fibers. Tire tracks. They all tell a tale to today's forensic scientists. (to Kaufman) What do you think? You're a writer. How would you do it? What's a good way to kill somebody?	KAUFMAN	 I don't write this kind of bullshit.	LAROCHE	 Don't get all huffy, I was simply --			Adaptation
LAROCHE (CONT'D)	 Fuck!	ORLEAN	 (receptively) Yeah, let's, baby.	LAROCHE	 Not now. We got to kill that guy. And now I guess that other guy as well.	ORLEAN	 (disappointed) Ohhh.	Adaptation
LAROCHE	 Not now. We got to kill that guy. And now I guess that other guy as well.	ORLEAN	 (disappointed) Ohhh.	KAUFMAN	 For Christ's sake, why didn't you do something while we were in the car?			Adaptation
DONALD	 We've gotta ditch this thing.	KAUFMAN	 (hysterical) It's a rental! It's a rental!	DONALD	 Now!	ORLEAN	 That's beautiful! What's that, Johnny? What's that one called? I just so want to fuck that flower, don't you?	Adaptation
LAROCHE	 Charlie! Listen, let's talk! This pie is big enough for four people! (to Orlean) Why are there two of him?	ORLEAN	 Identical twigs? (laughs crazily) Did I say twigs? I meant twins.	LAROCHE	 Cladium jamaicense, guys. Sawgrass. You want to watch out for that. That's some evil shit. Cut you up.	KAUFMAN	 Fuck you, Laroche!	Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 You're gonna be okay.	DONALD	 No.  But don't let them get you, too. (weak smile) You got a fucking awesome third act.	KAUFMAN	 (crying) Donald, this is an awful, bizarre thing to say and an awful time to say it, but I'm sorry I didn't get to know you better. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.	DONALD	 It's really... You've been really nice.	Adaptation
DONALD	 No.  But don't let them get you, too. (weak smile) You got a fucking awesome third act.	KAUFMAN	 (crying) Donald, this is an awful, bizarre thing to say and an awful time to say it, but I'm sorry I didn't get to know you better. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.	DONALD	 It's really... You've been really nice.	KAUFMAN	 See, it's just I thought I knew you already. I thought you were me. And I hated me.	Adaptation
ORLEAN	 (crying softly) Oh, Johnny.	KAUFMAN	 I'd just stare at your picture, and you looked so sweet. I read your words and I thought you were smart and maybe lost and lonely like me. And the way you wrote about Laroche. You said he was handsome even though he had no front teeth --	ORLEAN	 Oh, Johnny. Johnny's teeth.     Oh...			Adaptation
ORLEAN	 Oh, Johnny. Johnny's teeth.     Oh...	KAUFMAN	 I figured you could look at me and see something, even with all my flaws you could look at me and find something, you could maybe someday write a description of me that would be nicer than the one I write day in and day out in my head. (hopefully) Would it be?	ORLEAN	 You're really so wonderful.	KAUFMAN	 Really?	Adaptation
POLICE OFFICER	 You two really look alike.	KAUFMAN	 (proudly) Yeah. Yes, we do.	ALICE	 Oh, I love McKee! (recognizes Kaufman, gets reserved) Oh, hi. Haven't seen you in a while.	KAUFMAN	 Hi.    Yeah, I've been away.	Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 (proudly) Yeah. Yes, we do.	ALICE	 Oh, I love McKee! (recognizes Kaufman, gets reserved) Oh, hi. Haven't seen you in a while.	KAUFMAN	 Hi.    Yeah, I've been away.	ALICE	 So you studying screenwriting?	Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 Yeah. Actually I'm writing this one for Sony Pictures.	ALICE	 Really? Wow. Really?   That's so cool. (beat)	ALICE (CONT'D)	 Wow! So what's it about, if you don't mind my asking?			Adaptation
KAUFMAN	 But you're working.	ALICE	 (shrugs) It's a stupid job, y'know.    I'm Alice.	KAUFMAN	 Charlie.	ALICE	 I like that name. Charlie. I've always really liked that name. Charlie.	Adaptation
