CHARLIE	 What the hell? What happened to "I'm going to have softie tea, rest my voice, and go to bed early?" You have Diane Sawyer tomorrow and you have to be up at four AM for us to make it in time. David is holding ,a beer, in his left hand. With his free hand he picks up a cup and saucer.	DAVID	 I had some tea. (sees Charlie's not in the	MOOD)	 Come on, man. We're eight points up in the polls. I've gotta cut loose every once in a while and have a life. This provokes a quizzical look from Charlie. Fifteen strangers in a crappy upstate Sheraton doesn't seem like having a life to him... 2/12/09 4.			Adjustment Bureau, The 
DAVID	 Apparently, even if I hadn't been caught dropping my drawers in the middle of a senate campaign I would have lost the election anyway because I'm too blunt.	WOMAN	 (swig of champagne) Says who? 2/12/09 11.	DAVID	 The TV pundits.			Adjustment Bureau, The 
WOMAN	 Otherwise the-country will be run by tools. like Lynwood.	DAVID	 "Field." (of f her look) "Lynfield." A beat. She shrugs. Then they lean toward each other... and kiss. It turns more and more passionate. When they finally pull apart:	DAVID	 Holy shit. She seems just as surprised. They look at each other and laugh. Just then the bathroom door opens. It's Charlie. He sees David and the woman.	CHARLIE	 David?	Adjustment Bureau, The 
HOTEL SECURITY	 There! They rush toward her.	WOMAN	 Gotta go. (to David, emphatically.) Don't let the bastards grind you down. She spins and sprints away. The hotel guards chase her.	CHARLIE	 What the hell was that?	DAVID	 I'm really not sure. David has a huge grin on his face.	Adjustment Bureau, The 
(BEAT)	 Don't worry, I'm not going to moon you. The audience explodes with laughter this time.	DAVID	 But I am... (waiting for the laughter to die down) But I am going to get backup. I wanted to come out here tonight and give you a victory speech, a speech I've dreamed of giving foremost of my life. But life doesn't always deal you the cards you want. The audience sobered now. Reflective.	DAVID	 My life changed when I was ten years old. My entire world turned upside-down.' His audience,. knows exactly what he's talking about.	DAVID	 And as I looked for something to -hang ;on to, something; to help me cope' with what had. happened the only thing that made sense to me was service. Finding a way to do something with my life that left this world a little better than I found it. The audience is moved. Tears begin to well up. People dab at their eyes.	Adjustment Bureau, The 
HARRY	 No... INT. BUS -- MORNING As David walks down the aisle a couple of passengers recognize his face. . .but they don't say anything. David nears an empty aisle seat. A woman is curled up in the window seat, sleeping. She wears a funky mini-dress, knee- high argyle socks under leather boots, and a (clashing) argyle bucket cap. David sits next to her. And stares.	DAVID	 No way... It's the woman from election night.', He leans around to try to see the front of her face. "It's definitely her. His eyes drift down at her legs. Just then she opens her eyes. She recoils for a second;. Then` her eyes soften when she realizes who it is.	DAVID				Adjustment Bureau, The 
(DEADPAN)	 You need a better line than that or I'll have to assume you're a pervert who likes to stare at girls' legs while-, they sleep.	DAVID	 (smiles, game on) Your skirt was so short I couldn't help it.	WOMAN	 Dress.	DAVID	 Skirt, dress, same thing.	Adjustment Bureau, The 
DAVID	 I have one but, unlike you, I wouldn't say it in public.	WOMAN	 (eyes still closed) Pussy. David laughs. Can not believe this woman. In a good way. His blackberry RINGS. Her eyes pop open. David.picks up.	DAVID	 Hello...? Hello? David looks at his. phone. The signal has gone to zero.	DAVID		Adjustment Bureau, The 
DAVID (CONT'D)		(EXUBERANT)	 Susan! How are you today? (when she doesn't move) Susan? David looks closer across her desk. Her face is frozen.	DAVID (CONT'D)	 Susan? He leans across her desk, touches her arm. She stays dead still. David rushes through Charlie's door:	DAVID	 Call 911! Something's wrong with Susan!	Adjustment Bureau, The 
RICHARDSON (CONT'D)	 Yeah, really...	(BEAT)	 Choose a color. (barely a beat) Blue. Choose a number. (even less time) Seventeen. David's jaw drops slightly. Richardson was clearly right.	RICHARDSON	 Now,. why are you still deciding whether or not to run? David's hands go to his head`, involuntarily, an atavistic response, as if;s.omehow that will keep his thoughts from spilling out into view.	RICHARDSON	 You saw the futility of that back at the office. David's entire reality has finally been bent to the breaking point. He can't hang on any longer to an explanation for all this based in the world he's known to date...	Adjustment Bureau, The 
DAVID	 I just... came to work...	RICHARDSON	 It wasn't your fault. Your Path through the world this morning was supposed to be adjusted. (glancing bitterly at Harry, in the corner) Your coffee was supposed to.spill onto your shirt as you left Starbucks near your apartment. You would have gone up to change and arrived at work ten minutes later than you did. By then we would have left.	(BEAT)	 People call it "chance" when their coffee spills or their internet goes down or they misplace their keys. Sometimes it is. Sometimes it's:us...nudging you back on Plan. David takes all this in. He's still shell-shocked.	DAVID	 Whatever you were doing to Charlie back there... it wasn't misplacing his keys.	Adjustment Bureau, The 
DAVID	 Yes...	RICHARDSON	 Not a word. Not one word about us. (long beat as he studies	DAVID'S FACE)	 okay ... . you're free to go. David stands there a monent..:.not sure it's real. Richardson points at the door. David walks toward it. Just then another man comes up to Richardson.	NEW MAN IN SUIT	 There's awoman.	Adjustment Bureau, The 
RIC,HARDSON	 You ran into a woman named Elise on the bus this morning?	DAVID	 (:going very still) Why does it'matter?	RICHARDSON	 You weren't ever supposed to see her again.	DAVID	 Why do you care.?	Adjustment Bureau, The 
CHARLIE	 (seeing the look in	DAVID'S EYES)	 Are you okay? (off David's nod) Come on, we're late. Happy first day by the way. They head towards the conference room.	CHARLIE	 You sure you're okay.	DAVID	 Fine. How about you?	Adjustment Bureau, The 
DAVID	 No headaches or--	CHARLIE	 I feel fantastic, -man. Is it just, me or is this an odd conversation? (off David" s non-response.) What the hell happened with the girl?	DAVID	 After the meeting.			Adjustment Bureau, The 
CHARLIE	 You lost her number?	DAVID	 (searching for something) I was pickpocketed.	CHARLIE	 Come on. You can't be serious. (off David's look) You're serious... Oh, man...dude. I'm sorry... I'm really sorry...			Adjustment Bureau, The 
DAVID	 (searching for something) I was pickpocketed.	CHARLIE	 Come on. You can't be serious. (off David's look) You're serious... Oh, man...dude. I'm sorry... I'm really sorry...					Adjustment Bureau, The 
DAVID	 What type of risk?	HARRY	 (this is beside the point) I don't know. Something arcane. Something to do with mortgage- backed securities.	DAVID	 That's all?	2/12/09 39		Adjustment Bureau, The 
DAVID	 You have no idea?	HARRY	 All I know is, given the amount of resources they've used, keeping you from her is pretty important to them. (off David's silence) You're going to look for her aren't you? Again, David is silent.	HARRY (CONT'D)	 There are twelve million people in this city. On a slow day. You're not going to find her, you do realize that, don't yore-?	(BEAT)	 Even if a hypnotist pulled her number out of the recesses of your brain, no matter how many times you called it, you,'d never get through...	Adjustment Bureau, The 
(BEAT)	 Even if a hypnotist pulled her number out of the recesses of your brain, no matter how many times you called it, you,'d never get through...	DAVID	 (his face hardening) They send you here to tell me that?	HARRY (CONT'D)	 You want my advice? Forget about her. Accept that you'`>ll never see her again. Move on with your life. ON David as Harry's words sink in.			Adjustment Bureau, The 
ELISE	 Wow... How areyou. Reeling from the adrenaline; David takes a moment, then:	DAVID	 (from the heart) I rode the Ml to work every day for the last three years hoping one day I'd run into you again. She's amused, rather than moved, because she doesn't buy it.	ELISE	 Calling would have been easier.	DAVID	 I couldn't.	Adjustment Bureau, The 
DAVID (CONT'D)	 Can we go somewhere and talk? She hesitates. It hurt when he didn't call. She's angry at herself for that, but it's the truth.	ELISE	 (re: his suit) Don't you have to get to work?	DAVID	 I just got sick.	ELISE	 "I haven't seen you in three years - - You make me sick" is not an ideal come-on. For the record. David smiles. She's softening. A little. His phone vibrates. He pulls it out of his pocket.	Adjustment Bureau, The 
(BEAT)	 And none of them were you.	ELISE	 (after a beat) You really are smooth.	DAVID	 That's not fair.	ELISE	 It's okay. I like it. I probably shouldn't, but I do.	Adjustment Bureau, The 
WAITER	 Good morning. It's good to see you again,.sir.	DAVID	 Thank you. You're... (pulling it from the recesses of his brain) Paul, right? De...Santo?	WAITER	 Wow, yeah. How did you remember that? It's been a year. 2/12/09 50.			Adjustment Bureau, The 
RICHARDSON	 This whole thing will be over in an hour.	MCCRADY	 (disturbed by something he sees in his Planbook) We may not have that long.	RICHARDSON	 What?			Adjustment Bureau, The 
ELISE	 How do you do that? I can't remember the names of people I just met.	DAVID	 (points at himself) David.	ELISE	 Right.. Thanks_.'			Adjustment Bureau, The 
CHARLIE	 David, what the hell?	DAVID	 (to Elise, realizing a way out of his dilemma) Come with me. Come and watch.	ELISE		(SMILING)	 Okay. Her phone buzzes with a text message.	Adjustment Bureau, The 
(SMILING)	 Okay. Her phone buzzes with a text message.	CHARLIE	 (to both of them) Great. Perfect solution. Now, let's pay and get you over there. Charlie waves the waiter over to give them the check.	ELISE	 Now?	CHARLIE	 The speech is in 30 minutes.	Adjustment Bureau, The 
DAVID	 Where does your company perform?	ELISE	 We're n in our space. There was a`;•power ot outage or something. (checking the text) We're using a space" on Murray and West Broadway today.	CHARLIE		(REALIZING)	 That's four blocks from where you're speaking. David reacts: Richardson can't be behind that.	Adjustment Bureau, The 
MCCRADY	 The "four blocks" thing was a brilliant move, boss.	RICHARDSON	 (putting his hat on) We're not out of the woods yet. He looks down at the inflection points in McCrady's Planbook.					Adjustment Bureau, The 
DAVID	 Tomorrow. After GMA. He heads for the door. Charlie follows.	CHARLIE	 No, we need this on the nightly-- (catching up to David and	STOPPING HIM)	 David... Charlie looks at him for a moment, searching for the right words to say to a friend...	CHARLIE	 Every time we get close.. .you do something to derail it. A beat. There's a truth to that. David knows it. But--	Adjustment Bureau, The 
DAVID		(LOUD)	 Excuse me ladies and gentleman-- (as people turn and look,	RECOGNIZE HIM)	 I'm sorry to disturb your lunch. I have a bit of an emergency. Is there anybody in this room who's ever seen a performance of the Manhattan Modern Ballet?			Adjustment Bureau, The 
RICHARDSON	 I want more red liUhtss--	MCCRADY	 (,consulting Planbook) There are too many, ripples in the system.. Cumm.lative effects are. coming into play.	RICHARDSON	 A traffic jam.	MCC	 That's even w r. We have to get more localize. Richardson looks at the taxi disappearing up Hudson.	Adjustment Bureau, The 
RICHARDSON		(EXASPERATED)	 I'm blocking them all-- His hand stretches out (as Harry did early on in film)	MCCRADY	 Wait, he's--			Adjustment Bureau, The 
ELISE	 And you're going to be a senator...	DAVID	 After my brother died my Dad wanted to get me out of town for a while. We went to Washington and the day we arrived he took meto the. Capitol. We ended up sitting in the Senate gallery;,all day. (re: Financial' District across the river) We could see that from the end of my block, but-be never once encouraged me to go to Wall Street. His idol was JFK. He thought business guys were selfish.	ELISE	 So...areyou doing all this-:f.or him?	DAVID	 I want to matter. I don't think that's just forrhim. Elise,. tucks her head into his shoulder.	Adjustment Bureau, The 
DAVID	 I. don't want perfect.,.	ELISE. ,	 :(emotion,weI9ing) I'm trying to say .I'm not sure somebody running. for office can have, me in their life. David turns her around so he can see her face, so he knows for sure she hears this:	DAVID	 I haven't stopped thinking about you since the moment I met you. I want you in my life--	ELISE	 There are skeletons in my closet, David. The kind that--	Adjustment Bureau, The 
ELISE	 You scare me.	DAVID	 (after a beat) That wasn't the effect I was going for... She smiles...then laughs out-loud--					Adjustment Bureau, The 
DIANE SAWYER	 (grinning bigger now) Let's just say you have a habit of getting into the press for...other uniquely human things as well--	DAVID	 that a euphemism, Diane? She laughs.	DIANE SAWYER	 Most politicians...			Adjustment Bureau, The 
DIANE SAWYER (ON TV)	 Unfortunately, we're out of time. David Norris, announced his candidacy for US Senate yesterday. Thanks for stopping by. It goes to commercial. INT. STUDIO -- DAY David stays to speak to Diane for a moment-as we MOVE to find a stagehand'who is shifting the position of one of the big video cameras sed to tape the show. We catch a glimpse of his face and see it's Thompson's aide. INT<. Gk 2N- R0014 -- DAY The- "stagehand" moves thecamera so it's blocking the window giving Elise line-of sight to David and Diane. Just. then a man with an-.ABC ID enters the room to speak to Elise. (We only see his lower half.)	ABC ID	 Ma'am, Congressman Norris asked me to give you a message. We MOVE UP from his ID to REVEAL that the man is another one of Thompson's aides.	THOMPSON AIDE #2 (ABC ID)	 He was just called into a meeting that he says is urgent. He says he'll call you later and see you at your show tonight.			Adjustment Bureau, The 
DAVID	 Why are you here? REVERSE to REVEAL Harry, in a suit and raincoat.	HARRY	 I would have come earlier but I had to wait for the rain. (off David's confusion) Water interferes with their ability to sense your decision tree. That's why we met on a boat last time.	(BEAT)	 I guess I'm here to set the record straight.	DAVID	 About what?	Adjustment Bureau, The 
DAVID	 You know, when I do town hall meetings I usually get introduced to forty or fifty people between when I walk, through' the door and when I start speaking. But when I'm done with the speech I can call on each one of them by `game. A beat...	HARRY	 I've seen you do that (taking tl leap ) The rain is supposed to stop in the nexthou'r. We're going to need all night to do this. And we're going to need aplace surrounded by water to do it.					Adjustment Bureau, The 
ELISE	 Floor open?	RECEPTIONIST	 (seeing Elise's red eyes) You okay, sweetie?	ELISE	 I just feel like being on the floor.	RECEPTIONIST	 Everything still on for tomorrow? Elise nods, trying to cover her ambivalence.	Adjustment Bureau, The 
DAVID	 (struggling to remember) North Moore St. Just south of the coffee shop... Red door. I come out on Broadway, near Leonard St. Harry looks at a photo of what David just described.	HARRY	 Good. Keep going. 2/12/09 110.					Adjustment Bureau, The 
DAVID	 (eyes closed, trying to	PICTURE IT)	 There's an alley in front of me. Third door on--	HARRY	 Thompson's there.			Adjustment Bureau, The 
HARRY	 Thompson's there.	DAVID	 Okay ...so... (thinks, then has it) I hightail it East-to Lafayette					Adjustment Bureau, The 
DAVID	 I'm going for the blue door.	HARRY	 Of course... MUSIC CUE (something with relentless, pounding energy of the Verve Remix of Sarah Vaughn's "Fever").	HARRY	 Run fast. 2/12/09 115.			Adjustment Bureau, The 
(CAREFULLY)	 I can't answer that question for you, Elise. But I will say--	ELISE LAUREN	 (pulling self together) If you have doubts-- I'm okay.	ELISE	 I'm just nervous. You haven't done this yet. It's overwhelming...	LAUREN		Adjustment Bureau, The 
