JILL	 Who's fault is it then if it's not yours? You're the one in charge, Daddy.	WADE	 (shakes cigarette from pack) Yeah.	JILL	 Look. Those kids are still trick-or- treating. They're still out.	WADE	 Those are the Hoyts.	Affliction 
LARIVIERE	 We're looking for the funniest costume! And the scariest! And the most imaginative! And the best costume of all!	WADE	 (nudges Jill) Got here just in time. Go ahead. Jump in line. Maybe you'll win a prize.	WADE	 Go on, Jill. Some of those kids you still know.	JILL	 I don't want to.	Affliction 
WADE	 It's fun.	JILL	 (voice breaking) I want to go home. (Wade kneels down) I don't like it here.	WADE	 Oh, Jesus, come on, will you? Don't mess this up anymore than it's already been messed up. Join the other kids. Do that and before you know it you'll be as happy as a goddamned clam.	LARIVIERE	 Wade! And who's that tiger? Is that Jill? Come and join us.	Affliction 
FRANKIE	 You see the damage these little sons- of bitches been raising tonight?	WADE	 (to Jack) You're going to have to move your pickup.	JACK	 I know.	CHICK	 (offers whiskey pint) Take a bite.	Affliction 
JACK	 I know.	CHICK	 (offers whiskey pint) Take a bite.	WADE	 Don't mind if I do.	JACK	 LaRiviere's having a hell of a time in there. Master of fucking ceremonies.	Affliction 
JACK	 No brag. Just fact.	WADE	 (admires gun) Got you for -- 450, 500 bucks? (passes it to Frankie)	FRANKIE	 Nice.	JACK	 (to Wade) See you got Jill tonight. How'd you manage that?	Affliction 
FRANKIE	 Nice.	JACK	 (to Wade) See you got Jill tonight. How'd you manage that?	WADE	 (turns) Don't forget to move your truck. (walks inside)			Affliction 
JACK	 (to Wade) See you got Jill tonight. How'd you manage that?	WADE	 (turns) Don't forget to move your truck. (walks inside)					Affliction 
WADE	 No what?	JILL	 (lifts mask atop head) No I didn't see anybody I know. No I don't want to go to school here tomorrow. I want to go home.	WADE	 You are home. There are lots of kids you still know here.	JILL	 I don't want to be here. Don't worry, I love you, Daddy, I do. But I want to go home.	Affliction 
JILL	 I don't want to be here. Don't worry, I love you, Daddy, I do. But I want to go home.	WADE	 (sighs) Jesus. Listen, Jill, tell you what. Tomorrow morning, you still want to go home, I'll drive you down. I'll get off work or something.	JILL	 (pause) I called Mommy.	WADE	 What? You called Mommy? Just now?	Affliction 
WADE	 (sighs) Jesus. Listen, Jill, tell you what. Tomorrow morning, you still want to go home, I'll drive you down. I'll get off work or something.	JILL	 (pause) I called Mommy.	WADE	 What? You called Mommy? Just now?	JILL	 Yes.	Affliction 
JILL	 I told her I wanted to come home. Daddy, don't be mad at me.	WADE	 Well, I guess I am. I planned this, I planned all this, you know. I mean, it's sort of pathetic, but I planned it. You shouldn't have called your mother. (takes her arm) C'mon, we're gonna call her before she leaves.					Affliction 
WADE	 She's gone already! (hangs up) Gone already! Couldn't wait.	JILL	 Yes.	WADE	 That's all you got to say? "Yes".			Affliction 
JACK	 Relax, Chief. We're leaving. You wanna toke?	WADE	 (steps over) You gotta be more careful about that shit. Gordon or one of those guys sees you smoking that wacky tabacky around me they'll expect me to bust you. And I'll be outta a job.	JACK	 Some job. Here, have a hit. Don't be such a hardass. I know you got problems, but everybody's got problems. (offers joint)	WADE	 Not here.	Affliction 
WADE	 (steps over) You gotta be more careful about that shit. Gordon or one of those guys sees you smoking that wacky tabacky around me they'll expect me to bust you. And I'll be outta a job.	JACK	 Some job. Here, have a hit. Don't be such a hardass. I know you got problems, but everybody's got problems. (offers joint)	WADE	 Not here.	JACK	 Well, c'mon, then. Get in and we'll take a little ride, my man.	Affliction 
HETTIE	 What's wrong with you?	WADE	 Toothache. (to Jack) You should get close to him. Make yourself irreplaceable. Guy's loaded.	JACK	 Like you and Gordon?	WADE	 Right. The sonofabitch couldn't get along without me.	Affliction 
WADE	 Right. The sonofabitch couldn't get along without me.	JACK	 (laughs) Yeah, he'd go broke tomorrow if you quit him.	WADE	 (laughs) Right!	JACK	 Bastard's got his high beams on.	Affliction 
JACK	 (laughs) Yeah, he'd go broke tomorrow if you quit him.	WADE	 (laughs) Right!	JACK	 Bastard's got his high beams on.	WADE	 (watching) Shit.	Affliction 
JACK	 Bastard's got his high beams on.	WADE	 (watching) Shit.	HETTIE	 What?	WADE	 My ex-wife Lillian and her husband. That was them in the Audi that just passed us.	Affliction 
WADE	 Don't you say a word. I didn't hit him. I'm not going to hit anybody.	MARGIE	 New hat? (no answer) Jill's up, I see.	WADE	 (vague) For a while.	MARGIE	 How's she doing?	Affliction 
MARGIE	 New hat? (no answer) Jill's up, I see.	WADE	 (vague) For a while.	MARGIE	 How's she doing?	WADE	 Okay. She's fine.	Affliction 
WICKHAM	 Like hell you are. Tomorrow's first day of deer season. I'll need you at least in the morning.	MARGIE	 (shrugs) Well, that's that.	NICK	 (walks off) Take care, Wade.	WADE	 You be careful of that little bastard. He's dying to get in your pants, you know.	Affliction 
MARGIE	 (shrugs) Well, that's that.	NICK	 (walks off) Take care, Wade.	WADE	 You be careful of that little bastard. He's dying to get in your pants, you know.	MARGIE	 (laughs) Don't worry. I can protect my virtue. I mean, c'mon, Wade, give me a break.	Affliction 
WADE	 You be careful of that little bastard. He's dying to get in your pants, you know.	MARGIE	 (laughs) Don't worry. I can protect my virtue. I mean, c'mon, Wade, give me a break.	WADE	 See you tomorrow, maybe.	MARGIE	 You okay?	Affliction 
TWOMBLEY	 Guaranteed, eh?	JACK	 Yep. Right about now the does are holing up in the brush piles. The bucks are right behind them and we're right behind the bucks. (gestures to gun rack) This gun gets fired before ten o'clock. Whether it kills a deer or not is more less up to you. I'll put you inside 30, 35 yards of a buck the first four hours of the season. That's what you're paying me for, ain't it?	TWOMBLEY	 Damn straight!	JACK	 Done much shooting with that rifle yet?	Affliction 
JACK	 Done much shooting with that rifle yet?	TWOMBLEY	 (eyes him) Tell you what. You get me close to a big buck by ten, kid, there's another hundred bucks in it.	JACK	 If you get it?	TWOMBLEY	 Yeah.	Affliction 
TWOMBLEY	 You understand what I'm saying? I want a deer, a dead one, not a cripple or whatthefuck.	JACK	 I get it. (disdain) No sweat. You'll get yourself a deer and you'll get him dead. And you'll have him by coffee time.	TWOMBLEY	 And you'll get your extra hundred bucks.	JACK	 (smiles) Wonderful!	Affliction 
TWOMBLEY	 And you'll get your extra hundred bucks.	JACK	 (smiles) Wonderful!					Affliction 
JACK	 This way.	TWOMBLEY	 (walking loudly) Sun's gettin high.	JACK	 (fingers to lips) Deers have ears too.			Affliction 
TWOMBLEY	 (walking loudly) Sun's gettin high.	JACK	 (fingers to lips) Deers have ears too.					Affliction 
WADE	 His son-in-law damn near killed me.	LARIVIERE	 (hangs up) Huh?	WADE	 At the school crossing. In his BMW. Coulda hurt some kids. I'm gonna bust his ass.	LARIVIERE	 Don't go playing policeman.	Affliction 
JIMMY	 Sorry about that. Why's it every year, come first snow, you get stuck with the grader?	WADE	 School. Traffic crossing. (lights cigarette) I gotta quit these things.	JIMMY	 What we doing after? Wells? (Wade nods) Don't work too fast. Business the way it is, Gordon's probably looking to lay me off earlier than usual this year. He's got too much money as it is. Why's it always the little guy that gets kicked in the butt in hard times?	LACOY	 ...That was no pisser. I'll tell you who was a pisser. Glen Whitehouse. There was a real pisser. He was mean normal, but when he drank it was like he burst on fire. Canadian Club. Always drank CC. One Christmas there's this cord of wood out back he forgot about and he decides to have his two boys stack it. Except it's been out back two months and it's snowed and rained and froze so now the wood's all iced in. He takes the boys. He was drunk, of course.	Affliction 
WADE	 School. Traffic crossing. (lights cigarette) I gotta quit these things.	JIMMY	 What we doing after? Wells? (Wade nods) Don't work too fast. Business the way it is, Gordon's probably looking to lay me off earlier than usual this year. He's got too much money as it is. Why's it always the little guy that gets kicked in the butt in hard times?	LACOY	 ...That was no pisser. I'll tell you who was a pisser. Glen Whitehouse. There was a real pisser. He was mean normal, but when he drank it was like he burst on fire. Canadian Club. Always drank CC. One Christmas there's this cord of wood out back he forgot about and he decides to have his two boys stack it. Except it's been out back two months and it's snowed and rained and froze so now the wood's all iced in. He takes the boys. He was drunk, of course.			Affliction 
ROLFE	 Pop, the kids are waiting for us.	WADE	 (reproving) Rolfe.	POP	 A lesson in work and its rewards. You'll thank me for this one day. (to house) Sally, turn off that TV!	WADE	 (to Rolfe) Just do it.	Affliction 
WADE	 (reproving) Rolfe.	POP	 A lesson in work and its rewards. You'll thank me for this one day. (to house) Sally, turn off that TV!	WADE	 (to Rolfe) Just do it.	POP	 Atta-go.	Affliction 
POP	 A lesson in work and its rewards. You'll thank me for this one day. (to house) Sally, turn off that TV!	WADE	 (to Rolfe) Just do it.	POP	 Atta-go.	ROLFE	 Please, Pop. Let's go back.	Affliction 
LONG-HAIRED LOCAL	 (puzzled) So what happened?	LACOY	 Beats me. That's all I heard. Wade would know more about it. (calls) Wade! We were just talking about your Old Man. "What are you, a quitter!"	WADE	 Jesus, LaCoy, you got nothing better to do than sit around and tell stories. Pity is, some college student will come some day and believe this shit cause you're the only one dumb enough to talk to him. Take care.			Affliction 
POP	 I think we made the point.	WADE	 (mumbles) You just needed a drink.	POP	 What was that? (no answer) You got something to say, say it! Say it!	WADE	 (soft) Nothing.	Affliction 
WADE	 (mumbles) You just needed a drink.	POP	 What was that? (no answer) You got something to say, say it! Say it!	WADE	 (soft) Nothing.	POP	 You no-good pup!	Affliction 
POP	 What was that? (no answer) You got something to say, say it! Say it!	WADE	 (soft) Nothing.	POP	 You no-good pup!			Affliction 
WADE	 Forget it.	MARGIE	 (touches his arm) I'm sorry.	WADE	 I'm going to start one of those custody suits. I don't give a fucking shit. You know?	MARGIE	 You don't mean that.	Affliction 
WADE	 Yeah. I mean that.	MARGIE	 (arm around his shoulders) No you don't. You're pissed, that's all. You ought to cool off for a few days then have a long talk with Lillian. You know? Work it out with her, tell her how you feel. Lillian's not out to get you.	WADE	 The hell she isn't. Lillian's been trying to nail me to a cross since the day I met her. I'm gonna hire me a fucking lawyer from Concord and get this thing, this divorce thing, rearranged. I've been thinking about it a lot. It's like she owns Jill or something. Nobody owns nobody, especially not kids. And I pay her.	NICK	 (calls) Marg!	Affliction 
WADE	 The hell she isn't. Lillian's been trying to nail me to a cross since the day I met her. I'm gonna hire me a fucking lawyer from Concord and get this thing, this divorce thing, rearranged. I've been thinking about it a lot. It's like she owns Jill or something. Nobody owns nobody, especially not kids. And I pay her.	NICK	 (calls) Marg!	WADE	 That goddamned woman. Thinks she can cart Jill off and leave me alone like this. I'm more than pissed, Margie. I'm a whole lot more than pissed. I been that plenty and I know the difference. This is different.	NICK	 Marg! You got orders!	Affliction 
MARGIE	 Call me.	WADE	 (genuine) Tonight. Let's get together.	MARGIE	 Okay.	NICK	 You talked to Jack?	Affliction 
NICK	 The fucker shot himself. Ker-bang! That's what it sounds like. Not on purpose. I assume accidental.	WADE	 (shocked) Jack?	NICK	 The other guy.	WADE	 Where... how'd you hear that?	Affliction 
NICK	 CB. Little while ago. One of the boys on the way in picked up Jack on the CB calling for state troopers. I figured you'd know what really happened. The fucking guy kill himself? This Twombley, who the fuck is he, anyhow?	WADE	 No, I... I've been out on the grader all morning. Twombley's summer people. Massachusetts. Friend of Gordon's. It was his idea for Jack to take him hunting. (suddenly engaged) I gotta go.	NICK	 He don't care for you.	MARGIE	 Stop being jealous.	Affliction 
WADE	 I figured you already heard.	LARIVIERE	 (urgent) Twombley, Jesus. We got to get moving: I got to get up there. How would I know? C'mon, you drive. We'll take my truck.					Affliction 
LARIVIERE	 Fuck. Turn it off. (Wade does) All you heard was there was some kinda accident?	WADE	 Twombley's shot. I heard that. Not Jack. He's okay, I assume.	LARIVIERE	 Fuck. You don't know how bad or anything?			Affliction 
WADE	 Like hell.	LARIVIERE	 (frightened) That must've been Twombley. Jesus. I bet that was Twombley.	WADE	 You want me to follow them to Littleton?	LARIVIERE	 Let's get to the top and talk to Jack first. He'll know what happened. He fucking better. If this coulda been avoided, I'll put that kid's ass in a sling.	Affliction 
BROWN	 Watch the dog, Wade. Takes a mind to, he'll tear your fucking head off.	LARIVIERE	 (to Jack) Bad?	BROWN	 Thirty-thirty at close range.	LARIVIERE	 Jesus.	Affliction 
WADE	 Will he make it?	BROWN	 (shakes head) D.O.A. Blew the bastard wide open. Had a hole in back you could put your head into. Pretty big hole in front too. You could've put your fist into that one.	LARIVIERE	 (to Jack) You see it?	JACK	 Nope. Heard it. We wasn't far apart. I spotted this buck, then I heard the gun go off and Twombley was gone. I looked over the little cliff we was using for a stand and there the fucker was, deader'n shit. Called it right in.	Affliction 
BROWN	 (shakes head) D.O.A. Blew the bastard wide open. Had a hole in back you could put your head into. Pretty big hole in front too. You could've put your fist into that one.	LARIVIERE	 (to Jack) You see it?	JACK	 Nope. Heard it. We wasn't far apart. I spotted this buck, then I heard the gun go off and Twombley was gone. I looked over the little cliff we was using for a stand and there the fucker was, deader'n shit. Called it right in.	LARIVIERE	 This is gonna be one fucking mess to clean up. Twombley's son-in-law and daughter are up the weekend. Didn't you say you'd seen him, Wade?	Affliction 
BROWN	 You wanna tell 'em, Gordon? You knew the old man.	LARIVIERE	 What the fuck. My day's already ruined. (to Wade) Give me the keys. You can go back with Jack. You still got a shitload of plowing to do.	WADE	 It ain't done, if that's what you mean.	LARIVIERE	 Something bugging you?	Affliction 
JACK	 In the chest.	WADE	 (offers cigarette) No, I mean whereabouts.	JACK	 (points) A half mile in, along the old lumber road.	WADE	 You bring him up yourself? That's a steep climb.	Affliction 
WADE	 (offers cigarette) No, I mean whereabouts.	JACK	 (points) A half mile in, along the old lumber road.	WADE	 You bring him up yourself? That's a steep climb.	JACK	 The ambulance guys lugged him up.	Affliction 
JACK	 Let's get the fuck outta here. You're not making any sense, man.	WADE	 There's your old twenty-gauge, and that there's the new Browning you was showing me last night. This must be Twombley's gun. Brand new. Very fancy tooling. Probably fired one time. It's a beautiful piece of work. (touches it) But what the hell, Jack, I guess you deserve it. Right's right.	JACK	 (starts engine) Yeah.	WADE	 Twombley sure as hell won't be shooting it again.	Affliction 
WADE	 There's your old twenty-gauge, and that there's the new Browning you was showing me last night. This must be Twombley's gun. Brand new. Very fancy tooling. Probably fired one time. It's a beautiful piece of work. (touches it) But what the hell, Jack, I guess you deserve it. Right's right.	JACK	 (starts engine) Yeah.	WADE	 Twombley sure as hell won't be shooting it again.	JACK	 He sure as hell won't.	Affliction 
MEL GORDON	 Moving violation! I just got out of bed and you're telling me you're giving me a goddamn speeding ticket? Now? Are you nuts? Is that it, Whitehouse? You're nuts?	WADE	 (writing) Yesterday morning, you passed a stopped school bus, which was flashing its lights, then you--	MEL GORDON	 (stops Wade's arm) Hold on!	WADE	 (wrenches hand free) Don't ever put your hands on me, Mr. Gordon.	Affliction 
WADE	 (writing) Yesterday morning, you passed a stopped school bus, which was flashing its lights, then you--	MEL GORDON	 (stops Wade's arm) Hold on!	WADE	 (wrenches hand free) Don't ever put your hands on me, Mr. Gordon.	MEL GORDON	 You're talking about a goddamned ticket, from when I passed you at the school where you were deciding to hold up traffic while dreaming of becoming a traffic cop or something?	Affliction 
MEL GORDON	 (stops Wade's arm) Hold on!	WADE	 (wrenches hand free) Don't ever put your hands on me, Mr. Gordon.	MEL GORDON	 You're talking about a goddamned ticket, from when I passed you at the school where you were deciding to hold up traffic while dreaming of becoming a traffic cop or something?	WADE	 Don't give me a hard time, Mr. Gordon. I'm just --	Affliction 
WADE	 Yes. Here's your ticket.	MEL GORDON	 (refusing ticket) You get the hell out of my house now, asshole. And know this -- you are going to be a lucky asshole if I haven't got you fired before the day is out. I can do it with one phone call, and I'm pissed enough to do it now!					Affliction 
WADE	 Lots of people. Guy like Evan Twombley, Boston union official, probably got lots of people want to see him dead. The Government's been investigating his links with the Mafia.	MARGIE	 (laughs) The Mafia hire Jack Hewitt?	WADE	 No, I just know Jack's lying about what happened. He just seemed -- I know that kid, what he's like inside. He's a lot like I was at his age.	MARGIE	 You wouldn't have done anything like that, shot someone for money.	Affliction 
WADE	 No. Not for money. But, if somebody'd given me half a damned excuse -- I was pretty fucked up, you know.	MARGIE	 (smiles) But not now.	MARGIE	 When you gonna get that tooth fixed?	WADE	 I can see what you looked like as a kid.	Affliction 
MARGIE	 Then... I guess you have to.	WADE	 (silence) There's another thing I've been thinking about. I don't know how you feel about the idea, Margie, because we've never talked about it. But I've been thinking lately, I've been thinking we should get married sometime. You and me.	MARGIE	 (uncertain) Oh, Wade.	WADE	 I've been thinking about it, that's all.	Affliction 
WADE	 (silence) There's another thing I've been thinking about. I don't know how you feel about the idea, Margie, because we've never talked about it. But I've been thinking lately, I've been thinking we should get married sometime. You and me.	MARGIE	 (uncertain) Oh, Wade.	WADE	 I've been thinking about it, that's all.	MARGIE	 You've been married twice --	Affliction 
MARGIE	 You've been married twice --	WADE	 It was to the same woman. I was just a kid... (Marg looks) It's not like a marriage proposal or anything, just a thought. Something for you and me to talk about and think about. You know?	MARGIE	 Alright. I'll think about it.	WADE	 Good.	Affliction 
MARGIE	 Did you tell them? (no answer) That we were coming?	WADE	 Don't you think it's proper for a fella to introduce his girl to his parents?	MARGIE	 I know your parents.			Affliction 
MARGIE	 (getting out) Are you sure they're home? Did you call?	WADE	 The truck's here. Looks like they've stayed inside since the snow started.	WADE	 Strange.			Affliction 
POP	 It's broke I guess. There's an electric in the bedroom.	MARGIE	 Maybe Wade should take a look at it. Your pipes'll freeze. (Pop nods) Wade, would you do that?					Affliction 
POP	 I checked on her. She had the electric heater. Cold don't bother her as much as me. Which is why I give her the heater.	WADE	 (kneels over mother) Is there something wrong with the phone?	POP	 In the living room.	WADE	 Why didn't you call and have the furnace fixed?	Affliction 
MARGIE	 Can --?	POP	 (sits) Makes me sad it was her. Instead of me. I shoulda froze.					Affliction 
WADE	 I'm fine, fine.	LARIVIERE	 You Rolfe? (Rolfe nods) I remember you from high school. You're a teacher now? Harvard?	ROLFE	 B.U.			Affliction 
WADE	 This is nuts.	MARGIE	 (reproving) Wade.	REV. DOUGHTY	 Dear Heavenly Father, Lord of Hosts, we come to Thee to beseech Thy blessings and commend to You the soul of our beloved wife and mother, Sally Whitehouse, to be one with You and walk with You --	POP	 ...goddamned hair on her head.	Affliction 
WADE	 Listen, it's no big deal, Pop.	POP	 (raising fists) Come on, smart guy. Tell how it's no big deal. Tell me how a single one of you is worth a single hair on that woman's head.	REV. DOUGHTY	 Give up this demon.	POP	 Go fuck yourself!	Affliction 
ROLFE	 Wade, just leave it.	POP	 (mocking) Listen to your little brother. 'Wade, just leave it.' Candy-asses. All of you. That's what I've got for children. Candyasses. 'Wade, just leave it.' Praise the Lord! 'Just leave it!'	WADE	 If you ever touch her again, I'll kill you. I swear it.			Affliction 
JILL	 Dad.	WADE	 (to Lillian) I'm glad you're here. Can you stay for a while?	WADE	 You ever come to your father's grave anymore?	LILLIAN	 No, not anymore. It's too... it's too far.	Affliction 
WADE	 It's just...	LILLIAN	 Let the past be. (beat) I'm sorry about your mother. I liked her. You never know how much women like that suffer. It's like they live their lives with the sound turned off -- and then they're gone.	JILL	 (tugging at Lillian) Mom.	LILLIAN	 She has an ice-skating lesson at four.	Affliction 
LILLIAN	 Let the past be. (beat) I'm sorry about your mother. I liked her. You never know how much women like that suffer. It's like they live their lives with the sound turned off -- and then they're gone.	JILL	 (tugging at Lillian) Mom.	LILLIAN	 She has an ice-skating lesson at four.	JILL	 I'm taking ice-skating, Daddy!	Affliction 
ROLFE	 Anything new about the shooting? Twombley?	WADE	 (reluctant) I guess it was an accident, like everybody thinks.	ROLFE	 Want to know what I think happened?	WADE	 Find them everywhere. (swigs)	Affliction 
ROLFE	 Want to know what I think happened?	WADE	 Find them everywhere. (swigs)	ROLFE	 I think your first response to the Twombley shooting was the correct one.	WADE	 Which is?	Affliction 
WADE	 Who'd pay him that kind of money? Not the mob. They got their own guys. Specialists.	ROLFE	 (agreeing) They wouldn't deal with a guy like Jack. Who else benefits if Twombley is suddenly dead?	WADE	 (swigs) I don't know. You tell me.	ROLFE	 Okay. It's likely there are people in the union who don't want Twombley to testify. They probably include his son-in-law who's vice-president and will probably be the next president. I read that in the papers. What's his name, Mel Gordon?	Affliction 
ROLFE	 (agreeing) They wouldn't deal with a guy like Jack. Who else benefits if Twombley is suddenly dead?	WADE	 (swigs) I don't know. You tell me.	ROLFE	 Okay. It's likely there are people in the union who don't want Twombley to testify. They probably include his son-in-law who's vice-president and will probably be the next president. I read that in the papers. What's his name, Mel Gordon?	WADE	 Yeah, the guy with the BMW I told you about. I did, didn't I?	Affliction 
ROLFE	 And Elbourne and Mom took you to the doctor and told him you fell from the hay loft.	WADE	 (laughs) Well, I never heard that one.	ROLFE	 I remember clearly cause when I heard I became real careful around Pop. I was a careful child and I became a careful adult, but at least I wasn't afflicted by that man's violence.	WADE	 (laughs again) That's what you think.	Affliction 
ROLFE	 I remember clearly cause when I heard I became real careful around Pop. I was a careful child and I became a careful adult, but at least I wasn't afflicted by that man's violence.	WADE	 (laughs again) That's what you think.	ROLFE	 I gotta head back. It's a long drive.			Affliction 
WADE	 Oh.	HAND	 (sensing situation) You might be better off legally as well as financially to just go for the --	WADE	 Yeah. I know. The custody suit thing was just my getting back at her. I'm not as dumb as I look. Whatever you say. I love my daughter. (Hand nods) I'll send you the five hundred.			Affliction 
HAND	 (sensing situation) You might be better off legally as well as financially to just go for the --	WADE	 Yeah. I know. The custody suit thing was just my getting back at her. I'm not as dumb as I look. Whatever you say. I love my daughter. (Hand nods) I'll send you the five hundred.					Affliction 
ELAINE (O.S.)	 What!	LARIVIERE	 (to Wade) Use the pickup. I'll bill it to the town. You're the town police officer and the town police officer should have a decent car. You want a new car or not?	WADE	 What do I have to do for it?	LARIVIERE	 Nothing, Wade, I've been thinking. You don't get enough appreciation around here and it's time we changed things a little.	Affliction 
LARIVIERE	 What's the difference? Take my truck, take a rest -- stop worrying about Mel Gordon. Have you decided what to do with your old man's place -- he going to stay there?	WADE	 (takes out cigarette) Want to buy?	LARIVIERE	 Don't light that in here. I'm allergic.	WADE	 I won't. You interested?	Affliction 
LARIVIERE	 Could be.	WADE	 (voice rising) Always count on old Wade for a good screwing. Why should I always pay more, sell cheap? Why should you guys make all the money. You and Mel and Jack. Right's right.	LARIVIERE	 (waving arms) Out! Out!			Affliction 
WADE	 (voice rising) Always count on old Wade for a good screwing. Why should I always pay more, sell cheap? Why should you guys make all the money. You and Mel and Jack. Right's right.	LARIVIERE	 (waving arms) Out! Out!					Affliction 
NICK	 Your father's in back, Wade. Marg had to babysit him. She moved in with you, huh? (looking closer) What happened?	POP	 Ah, the prodigal son.	NICK	 About fucking time.			Affliction 
POP	 The fuck you got waylaid. You follow your prick around like it was your nose.	NICK	 (enters) Can it, Whitehouse. (to Wade) Get him out of here. It was funny at first, but I'm tired.	MARGIE	 There's clothes in the back.	POP	 Let's go home? What home is that? Your home? My home? Let's have a talk about that. You're fucking sly, Wade. Your mother's dead so she can't make any excuses for you anymore! You gotta deal with me! No more sugar tit, asshole.	Affliction 
ALMA	 Always has been.	WADE	 This is maybe worse than you and I are used to. (beat) What I'm talking about, I'm talking about murder. Among other things.	ALMA	 Who?	WADE	 Evan Twombley, the union boss who got shot. Somebody murdered him.	Affliction 
WADE	 You don't believe me?	ALMA	 (crosses to her desk) About Jack? No. Have you checked out the tax bill on your father's farm lately?	WADE	 I know he's due for the last two years. I was thinking of paying it when the insurance comes in.	ALMA	 Has anybody offered to buy it?	Affliction 
ALMA	 This is from three years ago. Some difference, huh?	WADE	 (looking) What is the Northcountry Development Association?	ALMA	 I went down to Concord to check it out. The president is Mel Gordon. The vice-president and treasurer is Gordon LaRiviere. Those boys are buying up the mountain, Wade. $364,000 this year. I believe that's out of LaRiviere's league.	WADE	 Twombley involved?	Affliction 
WADE	 You sneaky sonofabitch! I've got your number now, Gordon! All these years I actually thought you were a decent man. (pounds fists on desk) Can you believe that?	LARIVIERE	 Wade, you're done. (extends hand) Let me have the shop keys.	WADE	 (to Jack and Jimmy) You two, don't you get it? He's using you. You're his slaves. (soft) Jesus Christ, Jack, don't you see that?	LARIVIERE	 The key, Wade.	Affliction 
LARIVIERE	 Wade, you're done. (extends hand) Let me have the shop keys.	WADE	 (to Jack and Jimmy) You two, don't you get it? He's using you. You're his slaves. (soft) Jesus Christ, Jack, don't you see that?	LARIVIERE	 The key, Wade.	WADE	 Yeah, you can have the key. It's the key that's kept me locked to you all these years. I give it to you with pleasure. (passes key) Now I'm free. See how easy it is, Jack? All you got to do is give back what the man gave you, and you're free of him. (turns to leave) I've got to call my brother.	Affliction 
LARIVIERE	 The key, Wade.	WADE	 Yeah, you can have the key. It's the key that's kept me locked to you all these years. I give it to you with pleasure. (passes key) Now I'm free. See how easy it is, Jack? All you got to do is give back what the man gave you, and you're free of him. (turns to leave) I've got to call my brother.	WADE (O.S.)	 I know what it means. I'm just running out of ways to use it.	ROLFE (O.S.)	 For what?	Affliction 
CHICK	 -- the bad news is there's a problem with Gordon's truck what somebody drove through the ice last night. Figured you'd know something about that, Wade.	WADE	 (beat) Yeah. I know about that.	CHICK	 LaRiviere says he ain't gonna pay for the fixin' of your car. A couple hundred for the clutch. I got some more bad news. Wanna hear it?	WADE	 Tell me.	Affliction 
LILLIAN	 Wait there. She'll be right out. (looks back) Is there snow on the ground up in Lawford?	WADE	 Yeah, lots.	LILLIAN	 (to Jill) See. Get your boots.			Affliction 
WADE	 Yeah, lots.	LILLIAN	 (to Jill) See. Get your boots.	WADE	 Hi honey.	JILL	 (going back inside) Hi.	Affliction 
WADE	 Hi honey.	JILL	 (going back inside) Hi.	LILLIAN	 Have her back tomorrow night by six.	WADE	 No problem. Look, I...	Affliction 
WADE	 (winking) How about a Big Mac?	JILL	 Mommy won't let me eat fast food. You know that. It's bad for you.	WADE	 C'mon, we can always sneak a Big Mac. And a cherry turnover. Your favorite. What do you say?			Affliction 
WADE	 Nothing, I guess. I guess I can wait till we get home. Maybe we'll stop by Wickham's for a hamburger when we get to Lawford. That suit you? You always like Wickham's.	JILL	 (looking ahead) Okay.	WADE	 Fine.	WADE	 Oh, Jesus, Jill, I'm sorry. What's the matter, honey?	Affliction 
WADE	 Please don't cry. Please, honey.	JILL	 (regains composure) What are you sorry for?	WADE	 I don't know. For the food business. I guess. I just thought, you know, we'd sneak a Big Mac on Mommy, like we used to.	JILL	 I want to go home.	Affliction 
JILL	 I want to go home.	WADE	 (quick) You can't.	JILL	 (quiet) That's illegal, you know.	WADE	 I know.	Affliction 
WADE	 (quick) You can't.	JILL	 (quiet) That's illegal, you know.	WADE	 I know.	JILL	 You're a policeman.	Affliction 
JILL	 I want to go home.	WADE	 (rigid) Okay, let's go home, then.	NICK	 (delicate) Wade, I got a message for you. (Wade turns) Jack Hewitt, he's looking for you. Wants you to clear your stuff out of his office in Town Hall.	WADE	 His office. You mean my old office.	Affliction 
WADE	 (rigid) Okay, let's go home, then.	NICK	 (delicate) Wade, I got a message for you. (Wade turns) Jack Hewitt, he's looking for you. Wants you to clear your stuff out of his office in Town Hall.	WADE	 His office. You mean my old office.	NICK	 Well, I guess -- that's what he said.	Affliction 
MARGIE	 Don't be silly. Hi, Jill.	WADE	 (hurt) Marg.	MARGIE	 (crying) Leave me alone! Leave me alone!	JILL	 Leave her alone! Leave her alone!	Affliction 
WADE	 (hurt) Marg.	MARGIE	 (crying) Leave me alone! Leave me alone!	JILL	 Leave her alone! Leave her alone!	MARGIE	 (to Jill) Get in.	Affliction 
JILL	 Leave her alone! Leave her alone!	MARGIE	 (to Jill) Get in.	JILL	 I want to go home. Will you take me home?	MARGIE	 Yes.	Affliction 
MARGIE	 Yes.	POP	 (Satanic delight) You! By Christ, you -- I know you. (points bottle) Yeah, you goddamn sonofabitch, I know you. You're a goddamn fucking piece of my heart!	WADE	 (dead) You don't know me. You don't know me! (beat) So fuck you. Fuck you.	POP	 Nah-nah-naw! You done done finally done it! Like a man done it. Done it right. I love you, you mean sonofabitch!	Affliction 
POP	 (Satanic delight) You! By Christ, you -- I know you. (points bottle) Yeah, you goddamn sonofabitch, I know you. You're a goddamn fucking piece of my heart!	WADE	 (dead) You don't know me. You don't know me! (beat) So fuck you. Fuck you.	POP	 Nah-nah-naw! You done done finally done it! Like a man done it. Done it right. I love you, you mean sonofabitch!	WADE	 Love! What the fuck do you know about love?	Affliction 
