FRED	 First, I go to Yale, then Harvard law, then when I'm making a hundred grand a year, I'll have a whole stable of hot chicks sitting around topless on my yacht. He smiles ears to ear, looking for approval.	MATT	 (to Deacon) Will that work?	DEACON	 (to Fred) You are a complete moron. Deacon and Matt walk off. Fred calls after them.	FRED	 What?	After School Special 
MATT	 (to Deacon) Will that work?	DEACON	 (to Fred) You are a complete moron. Deacon and Matt walk off. Fred calls after them.	FRED	 What?			After School Special 
DEACON (V.O.)	 Testosterone is a drug more powerful than heroin. I don't really have any evidence to support that, but the point is, a horny teenage boy will do almost anything for even a glimpse of sex. ... his BIOLOGY TEACHER's erect NIPPLES visible through her conservative bra and blouse. Aside from her flashing headlights, she's the kind of woman you wouldn't notice even if you were alone with her on a two-man luge. But that doesn't matter-- Deacon can't take his eyes off of them.	BIOLOGY TEACHER	 (in the background) ... the increase in the hormone testosterone causes certain physiological changes in the adolescent male...	DEACON (V.O.)	 We're suffering. Suffering from a deep, debilitating addiction to something we've never even had. Teenage boys are like time bombs, ready to explode.	BEHIND DEACON	 Two GUYS are whispering.	After School Special 
GUY 1	 Yeah. It was at Richard Rosenblatt's party. In the bathroom.	DEACON	 (crushed)					After School Special 
FRED	 Did you videotape it?	MATT	 (sarcastically) Yeah. I took my camera to gym class with me.	FRED	 You are the biggest moron I have ever known. Just then, Deacon comes up to them.	DEACON	 Hey, guys. Here's the money. He hands out the proceeds from the operation, and Matt notices that Deacon is a little out of sorts.	After School Special 
DEACON	 Whatever. It just wasn't good timing.	FRED	 It doesn't get any better than that. You and Rachael were perfect for each other. And naked girls don't just appear out of thin air. (scoffs) "I have a math test tomorrow."	DEACON	 Will you shut up already? (beat) Look, I've been thinking about this all day. We're juniors now. Upperclassmen.	MATT	 So? They reach the bike rack and start unlocking their bikes.	After School Special 
FRED	 It doesn't get any better than that. You and Rachael were perfect for each other. And naked girls don't just appear out of thin air. (scoffs) "I have a math test tomorrow."	DEACON	 Will you shut up already? (beat) Look, I've been thinking about this all day. We're juniors now. Upperclassmen.	MATT	 So? They reach the bike rack and start unlocking their bikes.	DEACON	 So we have a responsibility to ourselves to start having fun and getting girls. This year is our year. (takes the chain off his bike) There's nothing holding us back any more. Over in the parking lot, JAKE, a studly senior, revs the engine on his truck. Two hot girls, KELLY and WENDY, sit on his bumper, chatting.	After School Special 
MATT	 So? They reach the bike rack and start unlocking their bikes.	DEACON	 So we have a responsibility to ourselves to start having fun and getting girls. This year is our year. (takes the chain off his bike) There's nothing holding us back any more. Over in the parking lot, JAKE, a studly senior, revs the engine on his truck. Two hot girls, KELLY and WENDY, sit on his bumper, chatting.	DEACON (CONT'D)	 You see? That's exactly what I'm talking about. That could be us.	FRED	 That's not going to be us this year, or next year, or any year, ever.	After School Special 
MATT	 Ooh. Good movie.	DEACON AND MATT	 (with Cuban accents) "First you get the money, then you get the power, then you get the women."	FRED	 So, we're going to become Cuban drug lords?	DEACON	 Listen, the porno pirating operation is bringing in plenty of money. When I get my new car tonight for my birthday, we'll have the power to go wherever we want. Then, there's nothing stopping us from getting the girls. Fred and Matt look at Deacon warily. Is this a plan? Then, the hot girls and Jake drive past the guys.	After School Special 
17   OMITTED                                                            17	 18   INT. VIDEO CASA DEL RUSS A.K.A. RUSS'S VIDEO MAGIC - DAY           18 Fred arrives dressed for work (name tag, shirt, etc.) and waves to RUSS, the scraggly owner of this small video rental store. Fred passes J.T., Mark, Wendy, and Kelly and a bunch of other CUSTOMERS on his way to the back section of the store.	ADULT SECTION	 Fred makes sure Russ isn't looking and ducks into the porno section. Hurriedly, he pulls out "Half-Cyborg 5: Final Showdown" from his book bag. But inside the case is the tape for "Dirty Darla #7." He makes the switch. Fred sighs a breath of relief, smiles, and walks out of the adult section...	MAIN AREA	 ...right into...			After School Special 
EVERYONE	 Surprise! Deacon pretends to be surprised.	DEACON	 Wow. This is great. The room is sparsely populated with a few of Deacon's RELATIVES, his MOM and DAD, younger brother MAX (14), and ROGER, a wheelchair-bound nerd with a face full of orthodontic headgear and braces.	MATT	 Were you surprised?	DEACON	 Yeah.	After School Special 
MR. LEWIS	 Are you ready for the big present?	DEACON	 (laying it on thick) You mean there's more? Deacon can hardly contain his excitement.	MR. LEWIS	 It's in the garage. Come with us.			After School Special 
DEACON	 Coop. It's my birthday today, so cut me some slack, all right? Coop looks him over, then opens the door.	COOP	 (ad lib) Well, pickle my turnips, why didn't you say so? Happy birthday, friend. The guys look at each other, excited. They look back at Roger, five feet behind them at the bottom of the steps.	ROGER				After School Special 
NAOMI	 Happy Birthday, Deacon.	DEACON	 (pleasantly surprised) You remembered.	NAOMI	 Well, I got this flyer and--	DEACON	 Oh, right. So where's Jake?	After School Special 
NAOMI	 Like I care.	DEACON	 (hopeful) So you two aren't going out any more?	NAOMI	 Duh. Deacon's mind is racing with possibilities when:	JAKE (O.S.)	 Freakin! It's Jake, back for another beer.	After School Special 
MARK	 No, seriously. It's cool.	KELLY	 (come hither) Come on, Deacon.	WENDY	 Yeah. Come on. Deacon thinks about it. He takes the metaphorical plunge.	DEACON	 All right. He slips off his shoes and takes off his shirt. He walks over to the shallow end. Deacon steps in with his shorts still on.	After School Special 
JAKE (O.S.)	 Coop's doing funnels. Come on. It's Jake, by the side of the pool with Deacon's clothes. The other people swim to the front, and get out of the pool... ...wearing clothes! Even Wendy, in a strapless bra. J.T. (rubbing it in) Sorry, dude.	DEACON	 Hey, give me back my clothes!	JAKE	 Freakin? I can't see you. Maybe I need to turn on the LIGHTS. And he does. The backyard lights go on illuminating the scene. Deacon panics. People start looking at him, laughing. Then, the cheesy colored pool lights come on, flashing slowly. Deacon is humiliated. Jake bends down to whisper to Deacon.			After School Special 
NAOMI (CONT'D)	 So where did Rachael go off to?	DEACON	 She went to Paris with the French Club. (then, taking a chance) We're seeing other people. She laughs at his attempt at being nonchalant. But she's laughing with him, not at him, and Deacon can tell the difference. He relaxes...	JAKE (O.S.)	 Hey, sphincter. ... just as Jake drives up to them. Deacon is starting to really get pissed at Jake ruining the moment with Naomi.	DEACON	 Look, can you please stop calling me that? I think we're old enough to just let it go. All right?	After School Special 
FRED	 Hey, asshole. Don't just come barging in here. We could have been naked. Matt gives Fred a look.	DEACON	 (excited) Shut up. I figured out how to get back on the Tony Montana track.... So, I'm at the					After School Special 
DEACON	 (excited) Shut up. I figured out how to get back on the Tony Montana track.... So, I'm at the zoo today... 36   EXT. ZOO - DAY                                                   36 A crowd of people (including Deacon's biology class) are watching something in the monkey cage.	BIOLOGY TEACHER	 People! People! Come quickly. Witness the miracle of nature at its most primal. She's videotaping it, and Deacon looks up AT HER VIDEO VIEWFINDER. It's a monkey orgy. Masturbation and fornication everywhere.	DEACON (V.O.)	 And these monkeys are doing it. I mean, they're going wild. And Miss Ariel is videotaping it.			After School Special 
DEACON (V.O.)	 And these monkeys are doing it. I mean, they're going wild. And Miss Ariel is videotaping it.	BIOLOGY TEACHER	 (getting hot and bothered) With one final thrust of his engorged penis, the male deposits his seed and moves on. (suddenly bitter) Probably to a younger, more desirable female. One who doesn't have any "issues." Whatever that means.	DEACON (V.O.)	 That's when it hit me. Just then, a glob of "something" shoots out towards the crowd (SFX). Everyone ducks, except for Roger, who's can't move quickly enough in his wheelchair. It hits him in the face, dripping down his orthodontia.	ROGER	 A little help!	After School Special 
BIOLOGY TEACHER	 (getting hot and bothered) With one final thrust of his engorged penis, the male deposits his seed and moves on. (suddenly bitter) Probably to a younger, more desirable female. One who doesn't have any "issues." Whatever that means.	DEACON (V.O.)	 That's when it hit me. Just then, a glob of "something" shoots out towards the crowd (SFX). Everyone ducks, except for Roger, who's can't move quickly enough in his wheelchair. It hits him in the face, dripping down his orthodontia.	ROGER	 A little help!	DEACON (V.O.)		After School Special 
DEACON	 Look. This is an opportunity we shouldn't let slip away. If we make this movie, it could be the best year of our lives. We'll go in boys and come out men. And at the end, we'll have the money, the power, and the women. But you losers would rather play it safe. Well, I'm not going to waste another minute. I'm making this porno movie with or without you. And when I show up at school in my new set of wheels, and you two limp dicks are begging me for my sloppy seconds, I'll just have to tell you, "Sorry, guys. That ship has sailed. You blew it." Ringing silence.	MATT	 (sincerely) That was a really good speech, Deacon.	DEACON	 Thanks.	MATT	 Did you work that out before?	After School Special 
DARLA	 Sure, Vic, lemme freshen up first.	VIC	 (to Mike) Is he in there? Mike nods, leading Vic through a door, into					After School Special 
GREITZER	 I'm Ronald Greitzer here for my 4:00 appointment.	RECEPTIONIST	 Okay, Mr. Greitzer. I'll let the doctor know you're here for your... (checks the book) rectal exam. Have a seat. He leaves and Fred looks at Deacon, mischievously.	DEACON	 No way.	FRED	 Why not? It's perfect. My dad's got Mr. Greitzer's signature on file, his credit card number, and his social security number... A beat.	After School Special 
MATT	 You're just jealous that you don't have a cool porno name like us.	DEACON	 Okay, fine. Then I'm Sam ... (searching) Slam. Sam Slam. The Back Door Man. Matt and Fred look at each other, then Deacon.	MATT	 That name sucks.	FRED	 You don't get it, do you? A porno name needs to be a very subtle thing. Fred gestures and DROPS the samples which SPLATTER all over the ground.	After School Special 
MR. LEWIS	 And I'm telling the guy, he's got to use form ND-45 for a third-party beneficiary, but Johnson's gotta be the big man. "We've been using ND-90 for twenty-two years." But Johnson's an idiot. He doesn't know ND-90 doesn't even exist anymore. Mom yawns. The phone rings and she gets it.	MRS. LEWIS	 Hello? (covers phone) Deacon, it's for you. It's a young lady named Palomina. Deacon CHOKES on his food. He gets up quickly and grabs the phone. Max is eyeballing him, so Deacon walks with the phone into the other room and talks softly.	DEACON	 Yeah. 345 Remson. That's right. Great. Wednesday, three to five. Looking forward to working with you, too. He hangs up and returns to the kitchen to see the whole family staring at him, curious.	DEACON (CONT'D)	 I'm tutoring someone ... in math. To earn money for a car.	After School Special 
FRED	 I can't believe this is working. 44   INT. BASEMENT SET - OTHER ROOM - DAY                             44 And there's Matt, wearing a shirt and tie, nervously sitting in the rec room with a room full of CRACK WHORES. They're a motley crew of fat, old, toothless, spandex-wearing streetwalkers (including one TRANSVESTITE). An uncomfortable silence pervades the room. Matt turns to one woman wearing a rainbow-colored halter top.	MATT	 When you have sex with a strange man, do you imagine it's like your boyfriend or something? She just looks at him.	DEACON (O.S.)	 (over a walkie talkie) We're ready. Over. Matt picks up his walkie talkie.			After School Special 
MATT	 When you have sex with a strange man, do you imagine it's like your boyfriend or something? She just looks at him.	DEACON (O.S.)	 (over a walkie talkie) We're ready. Over. Matt picks up his walkie talkie.	MATT	 Roger. Over. He looks at his clipboard and turns to the first woman.	MATT (CONT'D)	 You can go in now. She gets up and walks through the curtain.	After School Special 
FLASH!	 Three digital images of the guys are lined up on Deacon's computer monitor (thanks Mom and Dad!). Deacon is digitally altering the photo of Fred to give him a goatee. Matt's photo has already gotten mutton chops and Deacon's looking sweet with a fu-manchu.	DEACON	 I say we make them from Hawaii.	MATT	 Hawaii?			After School Special 
MRS. LEWIS	 Max! 49    INT. AEROSTAR - NIGHT                                               49 Inside the car (still in the garage), the three guys apply their fake facial hair to match their three new fake i.d.'s.	FRED	 Are we really going to do this?	DEACON	 Oh, yeah. He starts the ignition, and an EASY LISTENING tune blasts on the radio, ruining the moment. The guys look at each other for a beat, then Deacon quickly changes the station to a ROCKING SONG, and get back into the mood for adventure.			After School Special 
FRED (CONT'D)	 Uhhhhh.	AMERICAN FLAG STRIPPER	 (to the waitress) Seven and seven.	MATT	 You want mine? She laughs.	AMERICAN FLAG STRIPPER	 So what brings you boys to the Pretty Kitty?	After School Special 
DEACON	 It doesn't really have to be one of us, though, does it? He grabs the yearbook.	INSERT:	 ROGER'S FACE, as Balls McLongcock, proudly displayed on the web site, hawking the first feature film (coming soon) of After School Special with the motto, "By Virgins, For Virgins." A quick knock on the door and Deacon's Mom comes in.	MRS. LEWIS	 Deacon, look who's here. Your friend, Jake. Jake enters, all smiles.	JAKE	 Hi, guys. Fred quickly shuts off the monitor.	After School Special 
MATT	 Okay. So I want you to play this very understated. It's a very visceral scene, so it's important not to play it too over the top.	ASHLEY	 Uh huh. (beat) Hey, did you guys shave or something? Deacon looks at the other two, all three now beardless.	DEACON	 Okay. I think we're ready here. Fred awkwardly picks up the boom and puts his earphones on.	MATT	 Boom in position.	After School Special 
MATT	 And ... action.	ASHLEY	 (wooden) These yearbook photos of the Debate Club are making me so hot. I can't help myself. THROUGH MATT'S VIDEO DISPLAY, Ashley slowly strips off her clothes. But before we get too good a look, we	REVERSE ANGLE	 FRED smiles ear to ear. DEACON gulps. MATT peers out from behind the camera.	ASHLEY (O.S.)	 I hope no one catches me because I forgot to lock the door. Oh, yeah. Oh, God, yeah. FRED's smile turns into nervous ogling. DEACON crosses his legs and adjusts his shorts. MATT wipes a bead of sweat from his brow. Deacon whispers,	After School Special 
MATT	 Action. Jake opens a makeshift door to the office.	JAKE	 (wooden) Oh, my God. What are you doing?	ASHLEY	 I couldn't help myself. Please don't tell the principal.	JAKE	 Give me one good reason why I shouldn't.	After School Special 
ASHLEY	 Me? How did you ... without even getting hard first?	JAKE	 (copping an attitude) What do you want to hear? I've got a tiny pee-pee? I'm a premature e-jac-u-la-tor? Sometimes before I get a boner? Okay?	DEACON	 Calm down, Jake. We can shoot this scene again. Just relax. We can splice it together.	MATT	 We'd have to do it like twenty times to get enough footage.	After School Special 
FRED	 Oh, like you're the only one who can do that.	MATT	 (false bravado) Fine. I'll do it. I'll do it for the sake of the film. Hold this. He hands the camera to Deacon and starts taking off his shirt. The rest of them look at Matt with his shirt off.	DEACON	 Matt. Stop it.	MATT	 No, I'll do it. He desperately wants someone to hold him back.	After School Special 
MATT	 No, I'll do it. He desperately wants someone to hold him back.	FRED	 (grabs him) Matt! They huddle again, worried about whether to go on with this.	FRED (CONT'D)	 Look, guys. Maybe we should just pay Ashley and chalk this up to a failed experiment.	MATT	 Fine with me.	After School Special 
REVEAL	 Deacon, standing a little too close to him.	DEACON	 (nonchalant) Good issue. Beat.	DEACON (CONT'D)	 You ever think about getting into film? Way uncomfortable, the guy puts the magazine down and makes a beeline for the door.	DEACON (CONT'D)	 Where are you going, man?	After School Special 
NAOMI	 Yeah. Thanks. I'm so embarrassed. She pats at the stain.	DEACON	 (genuine) Really? I didn't think you got embarrassed about anything. She smiles at Deacon, cheered up by the inadvertent compliment. The Bus HONKS for Deacon.	DEACON (CONT'D)	 Well, I guess I should go.	NAOMI	 Deacon, wait. Block me for a second while I change my shirt.	After School Special 
DEACON (CONT'D)	 I want you guys to come. It's just, I don't know. I kind of had this vibe from Naomi.	MATT	 (still doesn't get it) We can just meet you there.	DEACON	 Yeah. Okay. That's cool. Look, it's at Mark and J.T. Slistak's house. I'll see you guys there. I've got to get back to class.	MATT	 Later. Deacon walks back to the group.	After School Special 
COOP	 Hide your head down here and I'll tell you when it's safe to come up. As she starts to go down, we turn our attention... ON FRED and DEACON, away from the action.	FRED	 (snide; whispers) How's Naomi?	DEACON	 Fine.	COOP (O.S.)	 Not yet. This is the really scary part.	After School Special 
COOP (O.S.)	 Not yet. This is the really scary part.	DEACON	 (whispers) Hey. Can I ask you a question? Fred shrugs. The memory of the nightmare is wreaking havoc with Deacon's conscience.	DEACON (CONT'D)	 Do you ever think maybe we've gotten ourselves in a little over our heads with all of this?	COOP (O.S.)	 Oh, baby. Not yet. Fred appears to be pondering the question deeply. His face slowly contorts to a look of seeming anguish. Then,	After School Special 
MRS. LEWIS	 You need to have a talk with him. He could be having S-E-X.	MR. LEWIS	 I need to give him a goddamn medal. (she storms off) What?	FOYER	 Deacon watches Naomi go. Ashley consoles him.	ASHLEY	 Let her go.	After School Special 
NAOMI	 Hey, Coop. Are you helping these guys, too?	COOP	 (sheepishly) Sort of.	MATT	 Okay, people. Places everybody. Let's try to do this with a little heart, okay? And action. Everyone turns to their scripts and starts the rehearsal.	ASHLEY	 This quadratic equation is so hard.	After School Special 
NAOMI	 Shut up, Coop. This is important.	COOP	 (swings his arms out) And my nuts aren't? Coop's hand accidentally smacks Ashley in the nose as she's getting up. She SCREAMS.	DEACON	 Are you okay?	COOP	 I'm sorry, Ashley. She's pissed, holding her nose.	After School Special 
DEACON	 It's my first time.	NAOMI	 That's okay. Just go slow. And he does. He's nervous at first, not sure what to do. But as she kisses him softly, suddenly we start to hear the slow fade in of PORNO MUSIC playing in Deacon's head. (Now that Deacon's actually having sex, it's involunarily triggering the only thing he knows about sex: porno movies.) The music grows louder when:	FRED (V.O.)	 (in Deacon's head) Every two minutes, they change positions. He pauses, and cocks his head in confusion. He tries to shake Fred's voice out of his head, but he can't.	FRED (V.O.) (CONT'D)	 It's a basic rule of porno. Finally, he gives in to the porno music. He rolls Naomi on	After School Special 
NAOMI	 That's okay. Just go slow. And he does. He's nervous at first, not sure what to do. But as she kisses him softly, suddenly we start to hear the slow fade in of PORNO MUSIC playing in Deacon's head. (Now that Deacon's actually having sex, it's involunarily triggering the only thing he knows about sex: porno movies.) The music grows louder when:	FRED (V.O.)	 (in Deacon's head) Every two minutes, they change positions. He pauses, and cocks his head in confusion. He tries to shake Fred's voice out of his head, but he can't.	FRED (V.O.) (CONT'D)	 It's a basic rule of porno. Finally, he gives in to the porno music. He rolls Naomi on			After School Special 
ASHLEY (CONT'D)	 Look. I have to go on. Just do whatever you want. Or don't. Whatever. 84   INT. DAVE'S DUPES - DAY                                            84 Vic and Mike wait at the counter for his video copies of volume 28. DAVE (cameo for the director, DME) comes to the counter with a box.	VIC	 Thanks, Dave.	DAVE	 Vic. He turns to leave just as another GUY (cameo for the writer, DHS) comes up to Dave with a pad of paper.			After School Special 
VIC	 Thanks, Dave.	DAVE	 Vic. He turns to leave just as another GUY (cameo for the writer, DHS) comes up to Dave with a pad of paper.	VIDEO DUPE GUY	 Hey, Dave, there's a guy on the phone who wants to set up a new account.	DAVE	 What's it for?	After School Special 
VIC	 Did you say "After School Special"? Mike grabs the paper, drops the guy, and he and Vic rush out of the store. After they're gone:	VIDEO DUPE GUY	 Shit, man. You must be crazy. (calling after them) Better watch your back, homie! You might					After School Special 
ROGER	 Since I was like eight.	HAIRDRESSER	 (whispers) I know who you are. Don't worry. Your secret's safe. Come on. I just want to make one film to see what it's like. Roger is still totally clueless.	ROGER	 That's great. But how can I help you?	HAIRDRESSER	 Oh, I get it. You help me, I have to help you. That's how it works. Okay. She looks around. Then, she sprays a big dollop of hair mousse into one hand and places it under the hair apron. ZIP. Roger panics.	After School Special 
MATT	 Really?	ASHLEY	 Well, no. Popular, good looking guys always get the girls. (off their look) Hey, what was I supposed to say? Then, Roger wheels by, arm in arm with his Hairdresser. No more braces and headgear, Roger looks sharp with slicked back hair and suave clothes.	ROGER	 Hey, guys. Great party.			After School Special 
WENDY	 No.	KELLY	 I think so. (off Ashley's look) No.	ASHLEY	 Have you ever felt so completely satisfied in bed that you just wanted to sleep for a week?	KELLY AND WENDY	 No.	After School Special 
ASHLEY	 Oh, nothing. I guess I'm just glad that you finally figured it out. A moment of realization.	DEACON	 Yeah, I guess I did. (beat) So I have to do this, don't I?	ASHLEY	 (joking this time) I guess. Or not. Whatever. Deacon smiles. He finally understands that Ashley really does care about him. Ashley kisses him on the cheek and exits off			After School Special 
DEACON	 Yeah, I guess I did. (beat) So I have to do this, don't I?	ASHLEY	 (joking this time) I guess. Or not. Whatever. Deacon smiles. He finally understands that Ashley really does care about him. Ashley kisses him on the cheek and exits off					After School Special 
DEACON	 Well, I mean, we don't really have anything in common. And we don't really even get along.	NAOMI	 You're breaking up with me? (beat) Can we still have sex?	DEACON	 Listen to what I'm saying, Naomi.	NAOMI	 The only reason I went out with you was because I thought you were a nice guy. And now you're breaking up with me?	After School Special 
VIC	 Relax. We're not going to kill you. The guys let out a collective sigh of relief. Thank God. A beat. Then Mike pulls out the HEDGE CLIPPERS.	MIKE	 (matter of fact) We're going to cut your balls off.	FRED	 What?!? The guys freak out, but Mike's gun keeps them in place.	VIC	 (re: Fred) Start with him.	After School Special 
FRED	 What?!? The guys freak out, but Mike's gun keeps them in place.	VIC	 (re: Fred) Start with him.	FRED	 Why me? It was all Deacon's idea!	DEACON		After School Special 
MATT	 We pre-sold copies of our video.	VIC	 (condescending) How many? Fifty? A hundred?	MATT	 No. Sixty-three thousand, two hundred twelve.	VIC	 What?	After School Special 
DEACON	 What except? There's no except!	FRED	 Except you promise to supply us with quality porn free of charge. (off Deacon's look)	FRED   (CONT'D)	 It could come in handy. I mean, until we get girlfriends.	MATT	 And...	After School Special 
DEACON	 No, Matt!	MATT	 (emboldened) And you have to maintain the artistic vision of After School Special.	VIC	 And what's that? Matt puts his arm around around Vic's shoulder.	MATT	 The key is to try and remember what it was like before you had sex. What did you used to fantasize about? A math teacher who bends over a little too far. The door to the girls' locker room open just a sliver. Going over to visit your friend and catching his mother coming out of the shower.	After School Special 
DEACON	 Guys!	VIC	 Okay. We've got a deal, but you gotta give me all your master tapes. (to Matt) And kid. If you ever need a job, give me a call.	MATT	 It's been a pleasure doing business with you, Mr. ...	VIC	 Ramalot. Vic Ramalot.	After School Special 
MAX (CONT'D)	 These are my demands. He looks them over.	DEACON	 Done. (beat) Did you know all along?	MAX	 Are you kidding? Who do you think made the first pre-order?			After School Special 
