BLINDING WHITENESS	 We hear a MAN GASPING softly.     Rhythmically. A LUMINOUS PALE SHAPE slowly forms out of the searing whiteness. Gradually we realize we're moving across the ALABASTER BODY of a WOMAN. Her skin translucent. ON THE WOMAN'S FACE Ethereal.   Her eyes closed.     Her face lifeless.   Then... ...her eyes open. She looks straight at us with unseeing pale blue eyes. This is ANNA (late 20s). We pull back. PAUL (30s) makes love to Anna. Their movements perfunctory. Passionless. He turns to look at her. Realizes she's not there. He suddenly stops. Rolls off her. Sits on the edge of the bed.	PAUL	 What's wrong?	ANNA	 Nothing. Anna leans down and picks up her RED SLIP from the floor.			After.Life 
MRS. AYRES	 The Antique Carlisle. Definitely the Antique Carlisle.	ELIOT	 (writes in his notebook) Excellent choice. Mrs. Ayres caresses the soft velvet trimming.	MRS. AYRES	 An antique coffin for an antique lady. We suit each other.	ELIOT		After.Life 
JACK	 I tripped.   It was an accident. Anna looks at Jack carefully.    She knows he's lying.	ANNA	 (to the Older Boys) Show's over. Get to your classes.	(TO JACK)	 Jack. Help me clear up. Jack doesn't hear her. He's mesmerized by a SOLITARY CHICK standing motionless in the corner of the incubator.	JACK	 I think it's dead. Anna reaches in.   Tenderly picks up the chick.	After.Life 
(EARNESTLY)	 Continually voted one of the top ten roller coaster rides in America, the Alpengeist is a breathtaking avalanche of adventure.	ANNA	 (tries to keep a straight-face) I didn't know the park was open yet.	JACK	 My mom's friends with the manager. They're opening it specially for me. She knows he's lying again.     Smiles sadly.	ANNA	 Sounds like fun.	After.Life 
(HESITATES)	 I have to go to a funeral.   My old piano teacher.	JACK	 (with sudden interest) Can I come?	ANNA	 No Jack.   Funerals are very private affairs.	JACK	 I've never been to a funeral.	After.Life 
FATHER GRAHAM (O.S.)	 ...certain hope of the resurrection to eternal life through our Lord Jesus Christ, who died and rose again for us. INT. FUNERAL HOME. VIEWING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER (70S), lying in the casket. Mrs. Hutton touches a bouquet of white roses by the casket.	MRS. HUTTON	 White roses. They were his favorite. How did you know?	ELIOT	 They just seemed appropriate somehow.			After.Life 
PAUL	 What?    You always have the duck here.	ANNA	 (picks up the menu) I don't always have the duck. Paul shrugs. Pours Anna some wine as she looks through the menu. The Waiter taps his pen on his pad impatiently. Anna sighs. Puts the menu aside.	ANNA	 I'll have the duck. Paul smiles as the Waiter leaves. Anna tries to ignore him. But after a second she can't help smiling back.	PAUL	 The duck is very good. Anna's smile broadens. The tension between them broken for the moment. Paul reaches across. Touches her hand.	After.Life 
(SMILES QUESTIONINGLY)	 What's the special occasion? Paul's momentarily thrown. He tries to cover it by rearranging his napkin. Anna notices.	PAUL	 (suddenly very serious) Actually there is something I need to talk to you about. Now Anna's nervous.	PAUL	 I've been offered a transfer to head office in Chicago. Anna looks down.   Stares at her hands on the table.			After.Life 
(NERVOUS)	 ...well I've been thinking. Maybe it's time for us to... Paul pauses as he reaches inside his jacket.	ANNA	 (without looking up) You're going to leave me. Paul's stunned.   Speechless.   Before he can say anything--	ANNA	 You could've just told me this morning. You didn't need to buy me off with an expensive meal. Paul reaches for her hand.     Anna gets up to leave.	PAUL	 Anna wait.	After.Life 
ANNA	 I'm not being ridiculous. Why do you always talk to me like I'm a small child?	PAUL	 (as if talking to a small child) Anna.	ANNA	 See? There you go again.      Do you know how irritating that is?	PAUL		After.Life 
BEATRICE	 What's the point of preserving the body if the soul's already left?	ELIOT	 (quietly to himself) No.   The soul never leaves. Beatrice stares at Anna.	BEATRICE	 It's us who are left behind. It's us who suffer.			After.Life 
PAUL	 My name's Conran.      Paul Conran. Eliot smiles.    Holds out his hand.	ELIOT	 Of course. The lawyer. (off Paul's surprised look) It's a small town. In my line of work you get to know everyone eventually. As they shake, Eliot looks at Paul's hand strangely.    As if he senses something.	PAUL	 I'm Anna Bryant's fiance.			After.Life 
ELIOT	 (holds out his hand) Give me the scissors. I only want to help you.	ANNA	 Don't come any closer.     I swear to God I'll kill you. Eliot walks right up to her.     His face now inches from hers.	ELIOT				After.Life 
ELIOT	 What are you waiting for? Anna's confidence falters. She slowly lowers her hand. The scissors fall onto the floor. Anna looks down defeated. Her breath labored. Suddenly she realizes...	ANNA	 I'm breathing! (raises her head) Look. I'm still alive!	ELIOT	 You think you're still alive because you're still attached to life. It's normal. You're just imagining you still have symptoms of life. She's not listening. Eliot takes a roll of paper towels. Kneels down, picks up the bowl of dye and mops up the mess.	ANNA	 Maybe I was in some kind of coma. The doctors made a mistake. They're always making mistakes.	After.Life 
GIRL'S VOICE (O.S.)	 I'm disappointed with you. An innocent looking YOUNG GIRL (6) materializes out of the blackness. She looks like a young Anna.	ANNA	 Who are you?					After.Life 
ELIOT	 It's your dress. For your funeral. Your mother brought it round this morning. As Eliot takes out a pair of shiny black shoes from a plastic bag, Anna moves haltingly over to the dress. She touches the material puzzled.	ANNA	 This isn't my dress. (realizes with shock) This is my mother's dress! It was supposed to be for her funeral. Why has she given it to me? Eliot starts folding the plastic bag. He notices something else inside. He opens the bag. Hesitates then takes something out.	ON ELIOT'S HAND	 An old-fashioned wooden rosary.			After.Life 
ANNA	 What do you mean?	ELIOT	 (nods to the phone) He still feels your presence. You're only causing him more pain. If you really loved him, you'd accept your death and let him go.	ANNA	 Then prove to me I'm really dead.	ELIOT	 You people.   You always need proof. Eliot places his hands on her shoulders.    Turns her towards a tall mirror.	After.Life 
ANNA	 What are you doing?	PAUL	 (puts his finger to his lips) Ssh. Don't talk so loud. You'll wake the neighbors.	ANNA	 What neighbors? You don't have any neighbors. Suddenly he looks at her reproachfully.			After.Life 
OLD GUY	 Well here he is. Frank Merano. The Old Guy hands Eliot a clipboard. The Assistant unties the rope. Pulls the plastic sheeting away.	ON BODY	 FRANK (40s), the top half of his head has been flattened. His head split open. Grotesquely distorting his face.	ASSISTANT (O.C.)	 Ouch.   That had to hurt.	MORGUE	 Eliot glances at the Assistant with disdain. Signs the release form and hands the clipboard back to the Old Guy.	After.Life 
JACK	 You think I'm lying.   I'm not lying. Paul stops.   Turns to Jack angrily.	PAUL	 Look... (trying to remember his name) Jack. I'm in no mood--	JACK	 She needs your help.	PAUL		After.Life 
PAUL	 (almost to himself) I can't help her anymore. Paul turns and walks away.    Jack grabs his arm.	JACK	 Maybe you just don't love her anymore? Paul turns and hits Jack with the back of his hand.     Jack falls to the ground. Paul stands over him enraged.	PAUL	 You little fuck. You think this is funny? He's about to hit Jack again when a STOCKY TEACHER grabs him. Paul tries to struggle loose.			After.Life 
TOM	 What the hell's wrong with you? (holds his fingers close together) You're this close to fucking up your career.	PAUL	 (suddenly looks up) You know what he told me? He told me Anna's alive.	TOM	 You didn't believe him did you?	PAUL	 No.   Of course not. Tom's relieved. Paul turns back to the monitors.     The ghostly figure of a YOUNG FEMALE TEACHER drifts hypnotically across the screen.	After.Life 
ANNA	 My mother... She didn't cry did she? When she came to see me?	ELIOT	 (shakes his head) I'm sorry.	ANNA	 And Paul?	ELIOT	 It's not important anymore.	After.Life 
VINCENT	 Something's not right here.	ELIOT	 (looks up sharply) Not right? Vincent nods towards Frank's body.	VINCENT	 His smile.    It was a bit more... Vincent raises his fingers to his mouth, trying to find the right word.	VINCENT	 ...smiley.	After.Life 
VINCENT	 Well. I guess I should be off then. I'll see you at the service. Thanks again. Vincent glances one last time at Anna then leaves. The door locking shut behind him. Eliot stares at the door.	ELIOT	 I just told you. That was your brother. (turns to Frank) You had an accident. You're dead. Why do you people never listen to me? Frank doesn't move.    His mouth still wired shut.	ELIOT	 No.   It's not a gift.   It's a curse. Eliot picks up a compact. Roughly layers Frank's cheeks with thick rouge. With every word he gets more agitated.	ELIOT	 I take care of each of you as if you were my children. I wash the shit from your bodies. I dress you. I do everything to make you look more beautiful than when you were alive. And what do you do? Eliot's extremely irritated now.     He grabs a garish red lipstick. Smears Frank's lips.	After.Life 
ELIOT	 I'm sorry?	PAUL	 One of Anna's students. (nods towards the funeral home) In the window.	ELIOT	 Do you mean Jack? Paul's momentarily taken aback.	PAUL	 You know him?	After.Life 
PAUL		(LOUDLY)	 I need a fucking search warrant.    Now are you going to help me or what? JEFF (20s) a Young Detective at a nearby desk stands. Tom nods to him. It's under control.	TOM	 Paul.    Sit down. Paul hesitates for a second.	TOM		After.Life 
TOM	 Here's the Coroner's report. Paul manically rifles through the file.	PAUL	 Look. (shows file to Tom) The paramedics phoned it in. They only checked for eye dilation and pulse. The doctor signed the death certificate without even seeing her body.	TOM		(IRRITATED)	 So?   That's standard procedure.	After.Life 
TOM	 (shakes his head) She's at peace now. Paul glances at the casket again, then reluctantly allows Tom to lead him away. Eliot tightens the last screw. His back to the room. Suddenly the screwdriver slips. Gashes his finger.	ON COFFIN	 A drop of blood falls onto the polished wood.					After.Life 
