FEDORCHUK	 I remember where I was -- pissing off my balcony at the neighbor's dog!	ALTEREZ	 (yells at Crais on TV) Get to the goddamn ball scores!					Alien Nation 
SYKES	 Hope their plumbing's the same.	TUGGLE	 It is. (and Sykes gives him a look)					Alien Nation 
SYKES	 How can I go?	TUGGLE	 Put on your wash-and-wear suit and your clip-on tie, have your landlady tie your shoes for you, and show up at the church.  Simple. (beat) Me and Carol are going.	SYKES	 What?	TUGGLE	 Hey, look -- we've known Kristin since... since she was conceived in that cabin up in Big Bear. Remember?  You and Edie banged the wall so hard, me and Carol were picking plaster out of our hair for a week...	Alien Nation 
HUMAN COP	 Whoa, whoa... hold it.  Take it easy. (to alien on the ground) You okay?	JETSON	 I am all right.	HUMAN COP	 I better call in.			Alien Nation 
JETSON	 Perhaps because even the larger caliber handguns aren't always effective against my people.	SYKES	 (mulls this, then) You saying there's some connection to this other homicide?	FEMALE COP	 Hey, give me a hand with this woman, will ya Jetson?  We've got to get her to Division for her statement and she won't budge.	JETSON	 (to Sykes) Excuse me.	Alien Nation 
FEMALE COP	 Hey, give me a hand with this woman, will ya Jetson?  We've got to get her to Division for her statement and she won't budge.	JETSON	 (to Sykes) Excuse me.	SYKES	 So, you think there's a connection, or what?  Hey!			Alien Nation 
KRISTIN'S VOICE	 (bouncy, bride-to-be happy) Hi, Daddy, it's me.  I'm over at Danny's parents' house... talking about Sunday.  I thought maybe you'd be home by now.  Anyway, uh, nothing really.  I just wanted to call and say I love you.  I love you, Daddy. (she giggles) Uh-oh, I shouldn't'a done that. Knowing you, you'll probably pull this tape out of your machine and save it -- in that drawer where you keep every card I ever gave you, and all of my old baby teeth... gross! Anyway, Daddy, don't save this tape -- but I do love you, and I'll talk to you before Sunday. (beat) Oh, Tug and Carol came by and met Danny last week. (Sykes stiffens) Danny thought Tug was the greatest -- but, then, who doesn't?  Anyway, love you, talk to you soon.  'Bye.	FADE TO:						Alien Nation 
GOLDRUP	 Victor Goldrup, Mayor's office. Congratulations, gentlemen.	WARNER	 (to Sykes) You are to have nothing to do with the investigation into Bill Tuggle's death.  You know that.  Leave that for Fedorchuk.	SYKES	 (nodding) Departmental policy.	WARNER	 (to Jetson) You?	Alien Nation 
WARNER	 (to Sykes) You are to have nothing to do with the investigation into Bill Tuggle's death.  You know that.  Leave that for Fedorchuk.	SYKES	 (nodding) Departmental policy.	WARNER	 (to Jetson) You?	JETSON	 Yes, sir.	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 (nodding) Departmental policy.	WARNER	 (to Jetson) You?	JETSON	 Yes, sir.	WARNER	 Good.	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 ... and we work my hours.  I'll do the driving, you do the paperwork. You gotta learn it so you might as well do it all.	JETSON	 (after a moment) Sergeant... I'd like to thank you for what you're doing.	SYKES	 What's that? (then realizing) Look, Jetson.  Get this straight in your head.  We're not pals, we're not married, and we ain't gonna take long moonlight walks together... We're just partners.  And don't call me Sergeant.  Call me Sykes... or Matt if you have to.	JETSON	 I am George.	Alien Nation 
JETSON	 (after a moment) Sergeant... I'd like to thank you for what you're doing.	SYKES	 What's that? (then realizing) Look, Jetson.  Get this straight in your head.  We're not pals, we're not married, and we ain't gonna take long moonlight walks together... We're just partners.  And don't call me Sergeant.  Call me Sykes... or Matt if you have to.	JETSON	 I am George.	SYKES	 Wait a minute.  George?  George Jetson?	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 Anyway, what's it matter to you if we think it's funny, right?  Whatta you care?	JETSON	 That is exactly so. (completely deadpan) It is like your name... Sykes.  I'm sure it doesn't bother you at all that it sounds like "ss'ai k'ss", two words in my language which mean "excrement" and "cranium".	JETSON	 "Shit... head".			Alien Nation 
SYKES	 Let's talk Hubley.	JETSON	 (refers to a folder he holds) His body was discovered three days ago, in an alley off of Central Avenue, near downtown.	SYKES	 With two BRI Sabot slugs in the chest.	JETSON	 (gently correcting him) Through the chest.  Rupturing both the primary and secondary hearts.	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 With two BRI Sabot slugs in the chest.	JETSON	 (gently correcting him) Through the chest.  Rupturing both the primary and secondary hearts.	SYKES	 (out the window) Nice signal, dickwad!	JETSON	 He was employed at the Northwest Petroleum Refinery in Torrance.  He was manager of the Methane Facility. He was also a principle partner in a real estate venture to develop low- cost housing for Newcomers.	Alien Nation 
JETSON	 (gently correcting him) Through the chest.  Rupturing both the primary and secondary hearts.	SYKES	 (out the window) Nice signal, dickwad!	JETSON	 He was employed at the Northwest Petroleum Refinery in Torrance.  He was manager of the Methane Facility. He was also a principle partner in a real estate venture to develop low- cost housing for Newcomers.	SYKES	 Terrific.  A real pillar of the community. (beat) Was Hubley missing anything when they found him?  Was he ripped off?	Alien Nation 
JETSON	 He was employed at the Northwest Petroleum Refinery in Torrance.  He was manager of the Methane Facility. He was also a principle partner in a real estate venture to develop low- cost housing for Newcomers.	SYKES	 Terrific.  A real pillar of the community. (beat) Was Hubley missing anything when they found him?  Was he ripped off?	JETSON	 (checks file) There was no wallet... but he was still wearing a watch and two rings.	SYKES	 The guys at the mini-mart last night made a half-assed stab at the money in the till -- but I don't think that's what they were there for.  I think we got us a couple'a executions on our hands, George...	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 Terrific.  A real pillar of the community. (beat) Was Hubley missing anything when they found him?  Was he ripped off?	JETSON	 (checks file) There was no wallet... but he was still wearing a watch and two rings.	SYKES	 The guys at the mini-mart last night made a half-assed stab at the money in the till -- but I don't think that's what they were there for.  I think we got us a couple'a executions on our hands, George...	JETSON	 The murder at the mini-mart is not our case.  The Captain said--	Alien Nation 
JETSON	 Yes.	SYKES	 Well, there's a thing about partners, about being somebody's partner.  You do for each other. And other people's rules don't mean shit.  It's the rules set up between the two of you, that's all that counts.  Understand? (Jetson nods) Okay.  Well, my friend and partner was shot last night and I'm after the shitbag that did it.  As my partner, I'm asking you to respect me and help me find him.	JETSON	 And as my partner, I ask you to respect me and my desire not to break with procedure.	JETSON	 What is wrong?	Alien Nation 
JETSON	 What is wrong?	SYKES	 (very calm) Nothing's wrong.  I just want to get something straight.  You agree that there's a good chance these two shootings are somehow related, right?	JETSON	 Well... yes, quite possibly.	SYKES	 Possibly.  Good.  Well, would you be willing to accept the theory, George, that... possibly... by examining the evidence from one case we might shed some small ray of light on the other?  Does that sound unreasonable to you?	Alien Nation 
JETSON	 Yes... no, it is not unreasonable. Although I--	SYKES	 Great. (a relieved sigh) Well, I'm sure glad that's settled, aren't you?	SYKES	 I think we're really starting to click now, George -- hmmm?			Alien Nation 
SYKES	 Fedorchuk couldn't find his ass with his hands in his back pockets.	WINTER	 (referring to Raincoat alien) You took this gut out, too, didn't you?	SYKES	 Yeah.	WINTER	 Lucky for you, you got him in both of his... well, what we loosely refer to as... hearts.	Alien Nation 
JETSON	 Nothing.	SYKES	 (really suspicious now) Nothing?	JETSON	 (looking away) Shouldn't we examine their personal effects?			Alien Nation 
SYKES	 (really suspicious now) Nothing?	JETSON	 (looking away) Shouldn't we examine their personal effects?					Alien Nation 
JETSON	 What is this?	SYKES	 (looks, then) A rubber.  A condom.  You know... Coney Island whitefish? (Jetson doesn't know what one is) Men, human men, put them on their, uh -- penises -- to protect against having babies. (Jetson still doesn't get it; Sykes turns to Ortiz) You need this for anything?	ORTIZ	 Nope, got my own.  Anything you guys don't use gets stuffed away in storage.	SYKES	 Get the picture?	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 Get the picture?	JETSON	 (frowning) And that fits?	SYKES	 Well... Yeah, it's rubber.  It stretches.	JETSON	 And still it fits?	Alien Nation 
JETSON	 A large number of my people were hired by refineries because the methane fumes are not harmful to us. My spouse's brother is one.	SYKES	 So the Slag they're cutting into upstairs worked at a refinery just like Hubley worked at a refinery. (beat) I'd say that "possible" connection between the two cases just got a hell of a lot more possible. (beat) Okay, next step -- I gotta go talk to the wife of the Slag store owner blown away last night.	JETSON	 I believe I should interview the widow alone.	SYKES	 Why the hell--?! (realizes it's because of his lack of "bedside manner") Great, fine.  You talk to the wife.	Alien Nation 
JETSON	 I believe I should interview the widow alone.	SYKES	 Why the hell--?! (realizes it's because of his lack of "bedside manner") Great, fine.  You talk to the wife.					Alien Nation 
O'NEAL	 (yelling over the roar) Mr. Hubley was an all right guy -- and a damn good manager.  The men liked him.  I'm really gonna have to scramble to fill his shoes.	SYKES	 Well, one of the men didn't like him so much...	O'NEAL	 (looking at photo) You think this is the guy who did it?			Alien Nation 
SYKES	 Well, one of the men didn't like him so much...	O'NEAL	 (looking at photo) You think this is the guy who did it?	SYKES	 We think he could'a been involved, yeah.  You know him?	O'NEAL	 To be honest, it's hard to say.  I hate to admit it but -- they all still kinda look alike to me.	Alien Nation 
O'NEAL	 To be honest, it's hard to say.  I hate to admit it but -- they all still kinda look alike to me.	SYKES	 (impatient) Who else can I ask around here?	O'NEAL	 (looking at photo again) Wait.  You know who it looks like? Yeah.  Anderson.  Uh... James Anderson.  He isn't in today.  He took the afternoon off.	SYKES	 I think you're gonna find he's taken the rest of his life off.	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 (impatient) Who else can I ask around here?	O'NEAL	 (looking at photo again) Wait.  You know who it looks like? Yeah.  Anderson.  Uh... James Anderson.  He isn't in today.  He took the afternoon off.	SYKES	 I think you're gonna find he's taken the rest of his life off.	SYKES	 That where Anderson worked?	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 That where Anderson worked?	O'NEAL	 Yes it is. (some alien workers come through the door) Thirty-five percent pure Methane gas in there.  I don't know how these fellas do it.					Alien Nation 
JETSON	 Mrs. Porter is not taking her husband's death well.	SYKES	 (impatient) Did you learn anything?	JETSON	 A week ago two men came to see her husband.  After they left, he was very frightened.  She identified one of the men from a photo I showed her.  It was Hubley.	SYKES	 Aw-right.  What about the other guy?	Alien Nation 
MAYOR	 (continuing) As Mayor of this city, it gives me great pleasure to introduce someone who has so readily made our city his home... and all of us who live here, his friends.  Ladies and gentlemen, William Harcourt.	HARCOURT	 Thank you all for that very warm reception. (pauses, smiles) I'm particularly grateful because I actually had the gall to write that in my notes: "Thank you all for that very warm reception".  Imagine how embarrassed I would've been if it hadn't have been such a warm reception.					Alien Nation 
SYKES	 I'm Sergeant Sykes, and this is Detective Jetson, Los Angeles Police Department.	HARCOURT	 (nodding greeting) Sergeant... Detective.  I wasn't aware there were any Newcomers at the rank of Detective yet.	JETSON	 I am the first.	HARCOURT	 Congratulations.  This is my administrative assistant, Rudyard Kipling.	Alien Nation 
HARCOURT	 Congratulations.  This is my administrative assistant, Rudyard Kipling.	SYKES	 (throw away) Rudyard Kipling?  No shit? (to Harcourt) Listen, we just need a minute of your time...	JETSON	 We'd like to ask you about a business associate of your, Warren Hubley.	HARCOURT	 Yes, I heard about poor Warren. Tragic.	Alien Nation 
HARCOURT	 Excellent idea.  Ray, I wonder if you know two of your police officers... Detective Jetson and Sykes.	MAYOR	 (shaking their hands, dismissively) A pleasure. (to Harcourt) We really should be going.	HARCOURT	 (continuing) Please feel free to call my office Monday morning for an appointment. (to Jetson) Congratulations again on your promotion, Detective.  Remember... you're out there setting an example in our community.  I'll be keeping an eye on you.			Alien Nation 
MAYOR	 (shaking their hands, dismissively) A pleasure. (to Harcourt) We really should be going.	HARCOURT	 (continuing) Please feel free to call my office Monday morning for an appointment. (to Jetson) Congratulations again on your promotion, Detective.  Remember... you're out there setting an example in our community.  I'll be keeping an eye on you.					Alien Nation 
SYKES	 Go on ahead.  I'll be right in. (to Maffet, low) What'd you dig up for me?	MAFFET	 You said you wanted the biggest thing I could find... Well, this is it.	SYKES	 What is it?			Alien Nation 
MAFFET	 Casull .454 Magnum.  You're talking twice the impact energy of .44 Magnum hot loads.	SYKES	 (flips open cylinder) Only holds five.	MAFFET	 Yeah, the shells are too big for six in an cylinder.  Hell, Matt, you don't need but one.	SYKES	 (sighting) No... two.	Alien Nation 
MAFFET	 Yeah, the shells are too big for six in an cylinder.  Hell, Matt, you don't need but one.	SYKES	 (sighting) No... two.					Alien Nation 
SYKES	 (calling into the dark silence) Which one'a you Slags is Porter?	VOICE	 (from the back of the bar) Who wants to know?	SYKES	 (aside to Jetson) Who said that?	JETSON	 (tilts his head to indicate) At the end of the bar.	Alien Nation 
VOICE	 (from the back of the bar) Who wants to know?	SYKES	 (aside to Jetson) Who said that?	JETSON	 (tilts his head to indicate) At the end of the bar.	SYKES	 My name is Sykes.  I'm--	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 (aside to Jetson) Who said that?	JETSON	 (tilts his head to indicate) At the end of the bar.	SYKES	 My name is Sykes.  I'm--	ALIEN VOICE	 Ss'ai k'ss?	Alien Nation 
ALIEN VOICE	 Ss'ai k'ss?	OFFENDER	 (merely a voice in the dark) Careful, ss'loka', you might hurt yourself.					Alien Nation 
JETSON	 Uh, Matthew...	SYKES	 (over his shoulder to Jetson) Back off, George.	JETSON	 But I-- (know this man).	SYKES	 I'll handle it.	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 (over his shoulder to Jetson) Back off, George.	JETSON	 But I-- (know this man).	SYKES	 I'll handle it.	SYKES	 (to Porter) Jesus, are the questions too tough for you already?  Let's try again-- (slowly) Is your name Porter?	Alien Nation 
PORTER	 Ss'kya'ta'.	SYKES	 (to Jetson) What's that?	JETSON	 Screw you.	SYKES	 (back to Porter) Screw me?  That can't be right.	Alien Nation 
JETSON	 Screw you.	SYKES	 (back to Porter) Screw me?  That can't be right.	PORTER	 Ss'kya ta' ss'loka'.  Ss'trokya' ss'lato na'!	JETSON	 (to Sykes, low) You don't want to know.	Alien Nation 
PORTER	 Ss'kya ta' ss'loka'.  Ss'trokya' ss'lato na'!	JETSON	 (to Sykes, low) You don't want to know.	SYKES	 Tell me.	JETSON	 Your mother mates out of season.	Alien Nation 
JETSON	 Your mother mates out of season.	SYKES	 (to Porter) That's very colorful.  But see -- now I've got a problem.  I don't seem to be getting much cooperation from you, Porter.  So I guess we're gonna have to take this little session down to my office, ya know?	JETSON	 Matthew, you don't have to-- (do this).	SYKES	 Stay back!  I'm okay.	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 (to Porter) That's very colorful.  But see -- now I've got a problem.  I don't seem to be getting much cooperation from you, Porter.  So I guess we're gonna have to take this little session down to my office, ya know?	JETSON	 Matthew, you don't have to-- (do this).	SYKES	 Stay back!  I'm okay.	PORTER	 Don't they teach you anything about us in cop school, little ss'loka'?	Alien Nation 
JETSON	 Enough.	PORTER	 (eyeing Jetson) Ss'tangya T'ssorentsa'.  You're a cop. (with some contempt) It fits you.	SYKES	 You know that guy?	JETSON	 (nods) From quarantine, when my people first arrived here.  He and I were housed together.	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 You know that guy?	JETSON	 (nods) From quarantine, when my people first arrived here.  He and I were housed together.	SYKES	 How could a straight-arrow like you ever pick a roommate like him?	JETSON	 In the camps, we were lodged four to a room.  The selection process was entirely random.  We did not get to stay with our friends... or families...	Alien Nation 
KID	 (serving them) Six forty-two.	SYKES	 I don't think I could ever learn to read that shit. (beat) How long did it take you to learn English?	JETSON	 Three months. (off Sykes' look) We learn quickly.  We adapt.  It is our strength... what we were bred for, to adapt to hostile environments.	JETSON	 (continuing) Thank you.	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 I don't think I could ever learn to read that shit. (beat) How long did it take you to learn English?	JETSON	 Three months. (off Sykes' look) We learn quickly.  We adapt.  It is our strength... what we were bred for, to adapt to hostile environments.	JETSON	 (continuing) Thank you.	SYKES	 My neighbor's kid has a Newcomer girl in his class.  She's six years old and in seventh grade already...	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 (continuing) Which one is that?  Raw what?	JETSON	 (eating a strip) This is mole.  It's good.	SYKES	 I'll bet. (winces, watching him chew) Would it really put you out if they tossed that on the grill for a minute or two?	JETSON	 Our bodies do not assimilate the nutrients if the food has been cooked.	Alien Nation 
JETSON	 (eating a strip) This is mole.  It's good.	SYKES	 I'll bet. (winces, watching him chew) Would it really put you out if they tossed that on the grill for a minute or two?	JETSON	 Our bodies do not assimilate the nutrients if the food has been cooked.	SYKES	 Oh, that's real attractive.  You got fur in your teeth, George.  Come on, man, we're gonna be talking to people... jeez.	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 So what was that other word for Human... Slow ka?	JETSON	 Ss'loka'.  It means literally "small but intelligent creature". (Sykes looks over, doesn't know if he likes this) It loses much in the translation.	SYKES	 And what was that one about my mother?  That was a good one.	JETSON	 Ss'trokya ss'lato 'na'.	Alien Nation 
JETSON	 We are with the Police Department. This is Sergeant Sykes, and I am--	CASSANDRA	 (laughing) Ss'ai k'ss?  Perfect.	SYKES	 We're looking for your boss -- Strader.			Alien Nation 
SYKES	 Look, we're not here doing an interview for the school paper. This is a homicide investigation... and if you don't stop jerkin' us around, I'm ready to start playin' hardball.	CASSANDRA	 (slipping out of her dance costume) Oooh.  Hardball.  That sounds interesting.  Are you going to strike me?  You could tie me up and then do whatever you want with me... I've got my own ropes.	SYKES	 (still miming to Jetson) Does that cost extra or you throw them in?	CASSANDRA	 You've got me all wrong.  I don't charge money for something that I myself find pleasurable...	Alien Nation 
CASSANDRA	 (slipping out of her dance costume) Oooh.  Hardball.  That sounds interesting.  Are you going to strike me?  You could tie me up and then do whatever you want with me... I've got my own ropes.	SYKES	 (still miming to Jetson) Does that cost extra or you throw them in?	CASSANDRA	 You've got me all wrong.  I don't charge money for something that I myself find pleasurable...	JETSON	 I am going out to the car.  I will meet you there.	Alien Nation 
CASSANDRA	 Look, I don't know where Mr. Strader might be.  He comes and he goes.	SYKES	 (starting to feel a little uncomfortable) The girl out front mentioned Strader's assistant, somebody named Watson.  Maybe he knows.	CASSANDRA	 (tensing slightly) Todd?  Todd doesn't know either.	CASSANDRA	 (continuing) I know... Why don't you hang around for a while, let me entertain you? It's Matt, right?  Now tell me the truth, have you ever... made it... with one of us?	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 (starting to feel a little uncomfortable) The girl out front mentioned Strader's assistant, somebody named Watson.  Maybe he knows.	CASSANDRA	 (tensing slightly) Todd?  Todd doesn't know either.	CASSANDRA	 (continuing) I know... Why don't you hang around for a while, let me entertain you? It's Matt, right?  Now tell me the truth, have you ever... made it... with one of us?	SYKES	 Not unless I got real drunk and nobody told me about it later.	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 There's lots of things I haven't done, but his ain't high on the list.  Don't take it personally.	CASSANDRA	 I think you're just a little scared now, about what you might find once the lights go out.  A little scared... and a lot curious.  Maybe more than you want to admit.  But doesn't that turn you on, that curiosity and fear, swirling together? (coos) Think of it as broadening your horizons.	SYKES	 I like my horizons narrow.	CASSANDRA	 (pressing herself into him) Your voice is saying no, but your body is saying yes.	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 I like my horizons narrow.	CASSANDRA	 (pressing herself into him) Your voice is saying no, but your body is saying yes.	SYKES	 My voice, body, and everything else is saying I'll be back in two hours for Strader, and he better damn well be here.			Alien Nation 
WATSON (O.S.)	 (tentatively) Yes...?	CASSANDRA (O.S.)	 (over the intercom, breathless) Todd, it's me.  The police were just here... looking for Strader.  And asking about you.					Alien Nation 
WATSON	 I don't believe this.  Look at my suit.  Look at what you made me do to my car.	SYKES	 (laughing) Your girlfriend put up a better fight than you did, pal.	JETSON	 We are looking for your employer, Joshua Strader.	WATSON	 He's out of town.	Alien Nation 
WATSON	 Who knows.  He's the boss -- he doesn't have to check in with me.	SYKES	 (wearily) Watson... this is my partner here's first coupla days, and he wants to make a good impression.  Me, though, the way I feel -- this could be my last day, know what I mean?  And I'm ready to rain on you like a cow pissin' on a flat rock.	WATSON	 Look -- Mr. Strader hasn't been around for a coupla days.  He didn't tell me where he was going or when he'd be back.  I swear it.	SYKES	 (to Jetson) What do you think?	Alien Nation 
WATSON	 Look -- Mr. Strader hasn't been around for a coupla days.  He didn't tell me where he was going or when he'd be back.  I swear it.	SYKES	 (to Jetson) What do you think?	JETSON	 I believe he is probably lying.	SYKES	 Through his ass. (to Watson) Next time you see him, tell him to call me... unless you want us to keep coming back on you like a bad case of herpes.	Alien Nation 
JETSON	 I believe he is probably lying.	SYKES	 Through his ass. (to Watson) Next time you see him, tell him to call me... unless you want us to keep coming back on you like a bad case of herpes.	SYKES	 George, you can handle the women from now on, you mind?			Alien Nation 
WATSON	 Sss'k'a ta'!	HARCOURT	 It is such a pity to die for an outmoded value. (rising) Mr. Quint, I believe it's time for our friend's swimming lesson.	HARCOURT	 (to Watson) It's important to learn new skills. Essential to your growth as a person.	QUINT	 You never seen this before, have you, Billy?  oh, man, you ain't gonna believe it... seawater is like battery acid to these guys... I don't know what it is, some kinds chemical reaction.  Whatta you think it is, Watson?  Whoa, hold him. (a wave breaks outside, the foam rolls in) What I love about the surf is you can never tell how far up it's going to come until it... whoops, got a little wet there.	Alien Nation 
HARCOURT	 (to Watson) It's important to learn new skills. Essential to your growth as a person.	QUINT	 You never seen this before, have you, Billy?  oh, man, you ain't gonna believe it... seawater is like battery acid to these guys... I don't know what it is, some kinds chemical reaction.  Whatta you think it is, Watson?  Whoa, hold him. (a wave breaks outside, the foam rolls in) What I love about the surf is you can never tell how far up it's going to come until it... whoops, got a little wet there.	QUINT	 Last call, sucker.  One... two...	THREE!		Alien Nation 
JETSON	 (holds up milk carton) Would you mind?	SYKES	 (indicates phone) So, she keeps you on a pretty short leash, does she?	JETSON	 My wife?  She worries about me.	SYKES	 Yeah... I know the routine.	Alien Nation 
JETSON	 Your home is quite disordered.  I thought perhaps you had been burglarized when I walked in.	SYKES	 (growling) I appreciate your honesty, George.					Alien Nation 
SYKES	 Ignore the bitch on the left, that's Edie.  I call her Edi Amin... This is Kristin, my daughter.  It's kinda an old picture... she's twenty now. Getting married, in fact... on Sunday.	JETSON	 Human children can be very beautiful. (then) Getting married?  Congratulations. You will be taking Sunday off, then...	SYKES	 (uneasy) Maybe not... I don't know.  I'm not sure I'm gonna go. (mumbles) She doesn't need her burn-out of a father there...	JETSON	 (upbeat) I must show you... (flips open wallet, shows four crisp photos of his wife) And this is Richard.  My son.  He's four years old.  We named him after the former President, Richard Nixon.	Alien Nation 
JETSON	 Human children can be very beautiful. (then) Getting married?  Congratulations. You will be taking Sunday off, then...	SYKES	 (uneasy) Maybe not... I don't know.  I'm not sure I'm gonna go. (mumbles) She doesn't need her burn-out of a father there...	JETSON	 (upbeat) I must show you... (flips open wallet, shows four crisp photos of his wife) And this is Richard.  My son.  He's four years old.  We named him after the former President, Richard Nixon.	SYKES	 You open to a piece of advice?  Tell people you named him after Richard Burton, the actor.  Just take my word for it.	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 (uneasy) Maybe not... I don't know.  I'm not sure I'm gonna go. (mumbles) She doesn't need her burn-out of a father there...	JETSON	 (upbeat) I must show you... (flips open wallet, shows four crisp photos of his wife) And this is Richard.  My son.  He's four years old.  We named him after the former President, Richard Nixon.	SYKES	 You open to a piece of advice?  Tell people you named him after Richard Burton, the actor.  Just take my word for it.			Alien Nation 
SYKES	 ... and so, and so the doctor says, "If this is the thermometer, then where'd I leave the pen?" (laughs raucously, Jetson doesn't react) You're not... you don't think that's funny?  George, work with me, I always get a laugh with that one. Look, if the doctor's got the thermometer in his hand, then where's his pen gotta be?	JETSON	 (straight-faced) In the other man's rectum.	SYKES	 (laughing) Sticking out of his ass... yeah! See, that's what makes it a joke. There's like a surprise, and your mind fills in the funny picture. Here's this guy with a pen stuck in his ass and he thinks it's a thermometer. (Jetson just blinks) Nada, huh?	SYKES	 (continuing) Your health...	Alien Nation 
JETSON	 (straight-faced) In the other man's rectum.	SYKES	 (laughing) Sticking out of his ass... yeah! See, that's what makes it a joke. There's like a surprise, and your mind fills in the funny picture. Here's this guy with a pen stuck in his ass and he thinks it's a thermometer. (Jetson just blinks) Nada, huh?	SYKES	 (continuing) Your health...	JETSON	 Ta ss'trakyona'...	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 Yeah, well... except I did hear you eat your dead.	JETSON	 (deadpan) Only on Fridays.	SYKES	 You son-of-a-bitch.  You're okay.	JETSON	 I'm going home.	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 This better be good news or money.	JETSON	 Hold this. (lurching to the sink) I feel very terrible.	SYKES	 Where'd you get this?!!	JETSON	 A man, a human, was wiring it to your car.  I didn't get a good look at him. (then, registering that it's day; panicked) I must call my wife...	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 Where'd you get this?!!	JETSON	 A man, a human, was wiring it to your car.  I didn't get a good look at him. (then, registering that it's day; panicked) I must call my wife...					Alien Nation 
SYKES	 Yeah.	SECRETARY	 Fedorchuk and Alterez just phoned in.  They found him. (Sykes and Jetson react) Or at least what's left of him, washed up on the beach at Zuma.	SECRETARY	 (continuing; handing over  the message slip) They're still there if you wanna catch them.	SYKES	 Well, let's roll, George.	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 Well, let's roll, George.	JETSON	 (with a stricken expression) To the... to the beach?	SYKES	 Come on, let's go, dude.  Surf's up!			Alien Nation 
FEDORCHUK	 Found his wallet in his jacket pocket.  Joshua Strader, big as life.	CORONER'S TECH	 Jesus, what a mess.  It's gonna be a bear to make a positive determination, but it looks to me like he was shot before being tossed in the drink.  At least twice-- (indicates where hearts  would've been on the body) -- here, and here.	SYKES	 How're you two doing on Tuggle's killer?	ALTEREZ	 The store owner's son is in a street gang, so now we're thinking maybe it's gang related.	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 Yeah, that's real good.  You guys follow up on that for a coupla months.	FEDORCHUK	 Look at your dildo partner.  He's too scared to even come down to the sand. (calls up to Jetson, even though he's too far away to hear) You're not gonna get wet standing here, moron!	SYKES	 I'd like to see you next to a sea of hydrochloric acid, Fedorchuk... see how much surfin' you'd do.	SYKES	 Cute.	Alien Nation 
JETSON	 What was that about?	SYKES	 (embarrassed that he defended Jetson) Nothing.					Alien Nation 
JETSON	 Warren Hubley was in middle management at a refinery... Joshua Strader operated a successful bar and nightclub...	SYKES	 ... and Porter ran a piece of shit mom-and-pop mini-mart. (beat) So what the hell's the connection?					Alien Nation 
SYKES	 You guys finished the postmortem on Strader yet?	WINTER	 (his mouth full) You mean the Blob?  They're finishing up now.	JETSON	 Is Bentner here?  I must speak with him.	WINTER	 He went home early -- his kid was sick.	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 (getting very curious and suspicious now) What kind of test?	WINTER	 Looking for some foreign compound in the blood of that alien you dropped the other day.	SYKES	 Did he find anything?			Alien Nation 
SYKES	 What's this nothing shit?  It wasn't nothing yesterday when you asked Bentner to run that test and he looked like he was about to shit peach pits, and it's not nothing now.  Don't lie to me, George, you're bad at it.	JETSON	 (distant, closed) You must leave me alone on this.					Alien Nation 
SYKES	 (continuing) No secrets, goddammit!  You don't hold back from me.  Whatever is going on, you're gonna tell me now!	JETSON	 (agonizing) No.  I cannot involve you.  This is not your concern.	SYKES	 The hell it isn't, when somebody wires up enough C-4 explosive to my car to turn me into pink mist! (beat) That Slag was on something, and not sour milk, either?  Am I right? (he has backed Jetson to the wall by sheer force of will) TELL ME!  What is it?	JETSON	 (finally) ... It is called ss'jabroka'.  To us it is a potent narcotic.	Alien Nation 
JETSON	 (agonizing) No.  I cannot involve you.  This is not your concern.	SYKES	 The hell it isn't, when somebody wires up enough C-4 explosive to my car to turn me into pink mist! (beat) That Slag was on something, and not sour milk, either?  Am I right? (he has backed Jetson to the wall by sheer force of will) TELL ME!  What is it?	JETSON	 (finally) ... It is called ss'jabroka'.  To us it is a potent narcotic.	SYKES	 How potent?	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 The hell it isn't, when somebody wires up enough C-4 explosive to my car to turn me into pink mist! (beat) That Slag was on something, and not sour milk, either?  Am I right? (he has backed Jetson to the wall by sheer force of will) TELL ME!  What is it?	JETSON	 (finally) ... It is called ss'jabroka'.  To us it is a potent narcotic.	SYKES	 How potent?	JETSON	 Like your cocaine, I suppose.  The "high" lasts several hours.  We would receive small amounts of it... as a reward for our labor.	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 Where did he get it?  Was there any of it on the ship?	JETSON	 No... I am sure not.  That is why I am so concerned... someone must now be producing it here. (emphatically) But none of my people know how to make it.  The process was carefully guarded.	SYKES	 (as the enormity sinks in) Jesus, this is major. (then) Why didn't you tell me sooner? Why'd you hold out on me?	JETSON	 Your people don't know about this part of out past.  And they can't know -- It would threaten our entire existence here.	Alien Nation 
JETSON	 No... I am sure not.  That is why I am so concerned... someone must now be producing it here. (emphatically) But none of my people know how to make it.  The process was carefully guarded.	SYKES	 (as the enormity sinks in) Jesus, this is major. (then) Why didn't you tell me sooner? Why'd you hold out on me?	JETSON	 Your people don't know about this part of out past.  And they can't know -- It would threaten our entire existence here.	SYKES	 George... look me in the eye... George, you don't ever lie to me again.	Alien Nation 
OPERATOR	 Here's Hubley. (scanning it) Left Quarantine on November thirtieth, relocated first to Riverside, then moved to Los Angeles early in February the following year.  Field of expertise: chemical manufacturing.  Looks like he passed up several other better paying jobs waiting for that one at the refinery.	SYKES	 Try Joshua Strader, will ya, darlin'?	OPERATOR	 For you, anything.			Alien Nation 
OPERATOR	 (continuing, reading from screen) Released on November twenty-ninth. Came immediately to L.A.  Ten weeks after arriving he took over the abandoned club which is now Encounters.	JETSON	 (to Operator) Now the store owner, please.  Cecil Porter.	OPERATOR	 Released December one.  He and his wife moved first to Modesto, then Coalinga, California -- wherever that is -- settled in L.A. in April.  Field of expertise: organic chemical engineering.  He and his wife have one child, a son.	SYKES	 Yeah -- we met him.  Wonderful boy... close personal friend of George's here.	Alien Nation 
OPERATOR	 I'm sorry, Matt.  Nothing here seems to be matching up...	SYKES	 Holy shit... (to Jetson) Look what we're staring at: three Newcomers with nothing in common, right?  What if it's just one other guy who killed these three? (Jetson looks at him blankly) Three and one make four.  Four Newcomers... of totally different backgrounds... (Jetson still doesn't get it) You and the store owner's son -- that punker!	JETSON	 ... Quarantine.	SYKES	 Can you dig up their Quarantine records in this thing?	Alien Nation 
HARCOURT	 Quite lovely... (best) What is your name again?	CASSANDRA	 (flinching involuntarily at his touch) Cassandra.	HARCOURT	 (a chilling smile) I will have to remember that...			Alien Nation 
CASSANDRA	 (flinching involuntarily at his touch) Cassandra.	HARCOURT	 (a chilling smile) I will have to remember that...					Alien Nation 
SYKES	 Uh, George...	JETSON	 (in O'Neal's face) Where is the drug?  Where have they taken it?	O'NEAL	 (choking) What drug?  This is an oil refinery, you...	JETSON	 (pushing harder)	Alien Nation 
JETSON	 (in O'Neal's face) Where is the drug?  Where have they taken it?	O'NEAL	 (choking) What drug?  This is an oil refinery, you...	JETSON	 (pushing harder)	WHERE?!		Alien Nation 
O'NEAL	 (choking) What drug?  This is an oil refinery, you...	JETSON	 (pushing harder)	WHERE?!		O'NEAL	 (unable to breathe) You... can't do... this!	Alien Nation 
WHERE?!		O'NEAL	 (unable to breathe) You... can't do... this!	SYKES	 George, uh... you're gonna break his little chest bones...	JETSON	 Stay out of this, Matthew. (to O'Neal) Tell me where the drug has been taken or I will crush your lungs against this wall.	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 George, uh... you're gonna break his little chest bones...	JETSON	 Stay out of this, Matthew. (to O'Neal) Tell me where the drug has been taken or I will crush your lungs against this wall.	SYKES	 Don't piss him off, O'Neal.  When he gets like this, I can't control him. I've seen this before.  He got like this once -- I saw him jerk a guy's spine out and show it to him. Nothing I could do.  I hadda go throw up.	O'NEAL	 (at length, with great effort) ... They took the stuff out, all of it -- this afternoon.	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 Don't piss him off, O'Neal.  When he gets like this, I can't control him. I've seen this before.  He got like this once -- I saw him jerk a guy's spine out and show it to him. Nothing I could do.  I hadda go throw up.	O'NEAL	 (at length, with great effort) ... They took the stuff out, all of it -- this afternoon.	JETSON	 How much?	O'NEAL	 About fifty kilos... of concentrate... and some street grade... in tubes.	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 (continuing; as Jetson starts the car You destroy that drug, you destroy the case.  Don't blow the whole thing now by not following procedure.	JETSON	 (through the open driver's window) Fuck procedure.	SYKES	 Hey!!	SYKES		Alien Nation 
CASSANDRA	 In there.	JETSON	 (pulling his gun) Show me.					Alien Nation 
HARCOURT	 (to alien dealers) It's been a long time, hasn't it, gentlemen?	HUMAN DEALER	 What is it?	HARCOURT	 A sweet indulgence from out past... resurrected for our future.			Alien Nation 
ALIEN DEALER	 Where'd you get it?	HARCOURT	 I arranged to spend some time with three very resourceful men.  With a certain amount of coaxing, one of them was able to reconstitute the formula for me. (beat) They worked very well together. Unfortunately, they are no longer with us... but I was fortunate enough to reap the benefit of their endeavor.	HUMAN DEALER	 Let me try some. (he does, immediately spits it out) Jesus!  Tastes like detergent!	HARCOURT	 And that's all the effect it will have on you.  But when my fellow Newcomers learn they can obtain it here, they will work very hard... to make as much money as they can... to give it to me.	Alien Nation 
HARCOURT	 I arranged to spend some time with three very resourceful men.  With a certain amount of coaxing, one of them was able to reconstitute the formula for me. (beat) They worked very well together. Unfortunately, they are no longer with us... but I was fortunate enough to reap the benefit of their endeavor.	HUMAN DEALER	 Let me try some. (he does, immediately spits it out) Jesus!  Tastes like detergent!	HARCOURT	 And that's all the effect it will have on you.  But when my fellow Newcomers learn they can obtain it here, they will work very hard... to make as much money as they can... to give it to me.	VOICE	 You haven't told him all of it.	Alien Nation 
HARCOURT	 If you release that button, you not only kill us, but yourself.	JETSON	 To get you and that-- (indicates drug in suitcase) -- I would do it.	JETSON	 Everyone up against that wall. Very slowly. (to Harcourt) Except you.	HARCOURT	 One small matter seems to have escaped your attention.  That-- (indicates suitcase) -- is not on any books as a controlled substance.  Legally it might as well be fifty kilos of... grape jelly.	Alien Nation 
JETSON	 Everyone up against that wall. Very slowly. (to Harcourt) Except you.	HARCOURT	 One small matter seems to have escaped your attention.  That-- (indicates suitcase) -- is not on any books as a controlled substance.  Legally it might as well be fifty kilos of... grape jelly.	JETSON	 The charge is murder... and conspiracy to commit murder. Hubley, Porter, Strader... probably others.	CASSANDRA	 You... you killed Strader?	Alien Nation 
CASSANDRA	 Where's Todd?!  Did you do something to Todd?!	HARCOURT	 Todd?  Who is Todd. (then remembers; smiles) Ah, poor Mr. Watson.	JETSON		NOOO!		Alien Nation 
KIPLING	 Here?	HARCOURT	 (raging) Do it!	ALIEN DEALER	 Don't shoot, man -- we're unarmed -- look!	SYKES	 You okay?	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 You okay?	CASSANDRA	 (dazed, but all right) Yeah...					Alien Nation 
JETSON	 Green light, Matthew. (Sykes doesn't respond) Green light!	SYKES	 Shit!	JETSON	 Ss-ai!			Alien Nation 
SYKES	 Move a finger, Harcourt, and you're history...	HARCOURT	 No, Sergeant -- not history... (beat) Eternity...	DISSOLVE TO:				Alien Nation 
JETSON	 With Harcourt and Kipling dead, I assume you will be requesting reassignment now.	SYKES	 (cool) It'd be for your own good.  I think you'd be better off with a partner who's a little more... by the book. (smiles) ... Still, I gotta tell you, George, for a quiet guy, you're sure hell on wheels once you get going.  I'd kinda hate to miss your next two days as a detective.	WILTEY	 I'll give you guys a lift to the station.  They're waiting to take your statements on the shootings.	SYKES	 (to Jetson) Let's go, partner. (then casually correcting Wiltey as he rises) And it's shooting.  Singular.	Alien Nation 
WILTEY	 I'll give you guys a lift to the station.  They're waiting to take your statements on the shootings.	SYKES	 (to Jetson) Let's go, partner. (then casually correcting Wiltey as he rises) And it's shooting.  Singular.	WILTEY	 They said two.	SYKES	 Nope.  I didn't shoot Harcourt... he o.d.'d.	Alien Nation 
WILTEY	 I'm not positive -- but probably.	SYKES	 (warily) What's this about, George?  I know that look.	JETSON	 (spots something out a side window) There!  Go back.  Down that side street.	JETSON	 No! (both Sykes and Wiltey look at him) We must do this alone.	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 (warily) What's this about, George?  I know that look.	JETSON	 (spots something out a side window) There!  Go back.  Down that side street.	JETSON	 No! (both Sykes and Wiltey look at him) We must do this alone.	SYKES	 Do what?!  George-- ?!	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 What is this?!	JETSON	 (low) ... It's Harcourt.	SYKES	 Harcourt is dead.	JETSON	 No he's not.  Not if he overdosed on the drug. (searches for the words) Massive amounts trigger a... a change.  Your body functions seize up, you appear to be dead, but it's really a state of incubation.  When you emerge you're...	Alien Nation 
SYKES	 Harcourt is dead.	JETSON	 No he's not.  Not if he overdosed on the drug. (searches for the words) Massive amounts trigger a... a change.  Your body functions seize up, you appear to be dead, but it's really a state of incubation.  When you emerge you're...	SYKES	 (looks at the four bodies sprawled before him) Tell me about it...			Alien Nation 
JETSON	 No he's not.  Not if he overdosed on the drug. (searches for the words) Massive amounts trigger a... a change.  Your body functions seize up, you appear to be dead, but it's really a state of incubation.  When you emerge you're...	SYKES	 (looks at the four bodies sprawled before him) Tell me about it...					Alien Nation 
SYKES	 Why the hell are you so dead set against back-up?	JETSON	 (a difficult admission) Because... because of what will happen if humans see what we are capable of becoming.	SYKES	 But there's no more drug.	JETSON	 You understand that.  But how many others will?	Alien Nation 
JETSON	 (to Pilot)	ALL THE WAY!		PILOT				Alien Nation 
I CAN'T IT'LL DITCH!		JETSON	 (to Pilot) Take it up!					Alien Nation 
JETSON	 That is all right, Matthew.  After all, you are only human.	SYKES	 (under his breath) What a wildman...	THE END				Alien Nation 
