MADISON	 The answer is... get up there.	JACK	 Right. (starts to go) Oh... uh... what did you say his name was?	MADISON	 Who?	JACK	 The fellow's name.	All the King's Men 
MADISON	 Oh, the... uh... Stark... Willie Stark.	JACK	 (as he leaves) Willie Stark...	JACK	 (voice over) I found him in Kanoma City. A typical, hot, dusty, backwoods county seat.	WILLIE	 ...to lie to them in order to line their own dirty pockets with the taxpayers' money. When have the citizens of Kanoma County ever witnessed a campaign like this? Why is the opposition so anxious to defeat me? Why have they used every dirty method known to make sure I'm not elected county treasurer? Well, I'll tell you why...	All the King's Men 
SHERIFF	 City Ordinance Number One-Oh-Five: more than five people congregating is disturbing the peace.	WILLIE	 (ignores him) If you folks'll be so kind as to read these handbills, my boy will pass them out among you.	SHERIFF	 There's an ordinance against that too.	WILLIE	 (his face grim) Pass 'em out, Tom.	All the King's Men 
SHERIFF	 There's an ordinance against that too.	WILLIE	 (his face grim) Pass 'em out, Tom.	WILLIE	 Let him alone!	SHERIFF	 (to deputy) Get that camera! Willie, you're under arrest.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 Let him alone!	SHERIFF	 (to deputy) Get that camera! Willie, you're under arrest.	JACK	 Where can I find Tiny Duffy?	PILLSBURY	 Right over there, mister.	All the King's Men 
DUFFY	 He's the head man.	JACK	 (to Pillsbury) Then you're in a position to know where --	DUFFY	 He's in a position to know nothin'. And to say nothin'.	JACK	 I thought you said he was head man?	All the King's Men 
JACK	 I thought you said he was head man?	DUFFY	 (smiling) He uses my head.	PILLSBURY	 (laughing loudly) Oh, Tiny, you're a card... Ain't he a card? Yeah, he's a card... Now, who thought up those city ordinances about arresting someone for making a speech?	DUFFY	 Who's arrested? Nobody's been arrested. (looks toward the door) Hi, Willie.	All the King's Men 
DUFFY	 (smiling) He uses my head.	PILLSBURY	 (laughing loudly) Oh, Tiny, you're a card... Ain't he a card? Yeah, he's a card... Now, who thought up those city ordinances about arresting someone for making a speech?	DUFFY	 Who's arrested? Nobody's been arrested. (looks toward the door) Hi, Willie.	PILLSBURY	 Hi, Willie.	All the King's Men 
PILLSBURY	 (laughing loudly) Oh, Tiny, you're a card... Ain't he a card? Yeah, he's a card... Now, who thought up those city ordinances about arresting someone for making a speech?	DUFFY	 Who's arrested? Nobody's been arrested. (looks toward the door) Hi, Willie.	PILLSBURY	 Hi, Willie.	DUFFY	 (to Sheriff) Did you apologize to Willie?	All the King's Men 
PILLSBURY	 Hi, Willie.	DUFFY	 (to Sheriff) Did you apologize to Willie?	SHERIFF	 (mumbles) Yeah, I apologized to Willie.	DUFFY	 Did you give him his handbills back?	All the King's Men 
DUFFY	 (to Sheriff) Did you apologize to Willie?	SHERIFF	 (mumbles) Yeah, I apologized to Willie.	DUFFY	 Did you give him his handbills back?	SHERIFF	 Yeah, I gave 'em back.	All the King's Men 
SHERIFF	 Yeah, I gave 'em back.	DUFFY	 Give him back his flag and his bag and... (points to Jack) give this man his camera.	WILLIE	 I'm going to be on that same street corner tomorrow, Mr. Duffy.	DUFFY	 You go right ahead, Willie. We all believe in free speech. We got to... it's in the Constitution.	All the King's Men 
DUFFY	 I wanted you to meet a fella came all the way up from the state capital to meet you. A reporter. Wants to write you up... maybe put your picture in the paper.	WILLIE	 (turns to Jack) I'm happy to know you, sir.	JACK	 Burden's my name... Jack Burden. Can we go somewhere where we can talk?	DUFFY	 Now that ain't polite. Don't you want to hear both sides of the story?	All the King's Men 
DUFFY	 Now that ain't polite. Don't you want to hear both sides of the story?	JACK	 I know your side. (finds the plate missing) What happened to the plate your men took from my camera?	DUFFY	 Must have dropped out. Oh, come on, fellas, let's relax. It's a hot day... Hey, Sugar Boy...	SUGAR BOY	 Yeah?	All the King's Men 
DUFFY	 Orange pop! All right, Sugar Boy. Bring him some orange pop.	SUGAR BOY	 (stutters) Th-th-the p-p-pop's s-s-sold out.	DUFFY	 Did you hear that, boys? The p-p- pop's s-s-sold out.	PILLSBURY	 Now ain't he a card?	All the King's Men 
PILLSBURY	 Now ain't he a card?	WILLIE	 (his face hard) He stutters, Mr. Duffy, but you... you don't say anything. (to Jack) Let's go, mister.	WILLIE	 (as they go up the steps) This is my wife, Lucy, Mr. Burden.	JACK AND LUCY	 How do you do?	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 Nine years.	LUCY	 (laughs) He was a neighbor's boy. They were poor folks. Both died. I couldn't have any children, so... He's a good boy.	WILLIE	 Oh, he's the best. I couldn't love him any more if he was my own flesh and blood.	JACK	 (to Lucy) And now you, Mrs. Stark?	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 Oh, he's the best. I couldn't love him any more if he was my own flesh and blood.	JACK	 (to Lucy) And now you, Mrs. Stark?	LUCY	 Oh, there isn't very much to tell about me.	JACK	 How did you meet?	All the King's Men 
JACK	 Is that the only reason?	LUCY	 (pressing Willie's arm) Except that I loved him.	WILLIE	 Get the coffee, Lucy.	JACK	 When did they fire you, Mrs. Stark?	All the King's Men 
JACK	 When did they fire you, Mrs. Stark?	LUCY	 (as she serves the coffee) A couple of weeks ago. I'd been teaching for a long time and nobody ever said I wasn't all right. But I don't care. I don't want to teach in a schoolhouse that they built just so somebody can steal some money. And Willie doesn't want to be Treasurer, either, if he has to associate with those dishonest people.	WILLIE	 (glumly) I'm going to run. They can't keep me from running.	JACK	 If you don't mind the truth, Mr. Stark, you haven't much of a chance.	All the King's Men 
LUCY	 (as she serves the coffee) A couple of weeks ago. I'd been teaching for a long time and nobody ever said I wasn't all right. But I don't care. I don't want to teach in a schoolhouse that they built just so somebody can steal some money. And Willie doesn't want to be Treasurer, either, if he has to associate with those dishonest people.	WILLIE	 (glumly) I'm going to run. They can't keep me from running.	JACK	 If you don't mind the truth, Mr. Stark, you haven't much of a chance.	WILLIE	 I'm going to run. They're not going to kick me around like I was dirt.	All the King's Men 
LUCY	 What happened, Tommy boy? What's the matter?	TOM	 (head down, muttering) I gave out the handbills, Pa.	WILLIE	 Speak up. Speak up.	LUCY	 Let him tell it his own way. Go on, Tommy.	All the King's Men 
TOM	 This time they were waiting for me. They took them away from me. Threw them in the dirt and beat me up. I brought some of them back.	WILLIE	 (pats him on the back) Good boy. Have you eaten yet, Tom?	LUCY	 Let him wash up first.	WILLIE	 I'm going to run... and you're not going to stop me. I'm gonna run even if I don't get a single vote.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 Hello, Mother.	MRS. BURDEN	 Floyd, Jack's home. Oh, he looks fine... doesn't he look fine? (to Jack, coquettishly) How do I look, Jackie boy?	JACK	 You look beautiful, Mother.	MRS. BURDEN	 I've got so many things planned for you... parties and... it'll be just like old times. But first, let's have a drink.	All the King's Men 
MCEVOY	 How long do you plan on staying?	JACK	 (coldly) Two or three weeks. If that's all right with you.	MRS. BURDEN	 I'm sure your father would be --	JACK	 Stepfather, Mother.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 Stepfather, Mother.	MRS. BURDEN	 (reproachfully) Now, Jackie... here we all are. Floyd, Jackie, myself. (raises her glass for a toast) To the best time we've ever had together.	JACK	 Yes, Mother.	JACK	 Excuse me... I...	All the King's Men 
JACK	 Dr. Stanton, I presume.	STANTON	 (laughing) Is my shingle showing?	JUDGE	 Good to see you, boy. Very good.	JACK	 Good to see you, Judge. How have you been? What have you been doing?	All the King's Men 
ANNE	 We were just discussing whether you should...	JACK	 (to his mother) I like what I'm doing, Mother.	MCEVOY	 You do very well at it. I read your articles about this fellow... Willie Stark. Very convincing... Too convincing for my tastes.	JACK	 A lot of people like them.	All the King's Men 
JUDGE	 I think this state could stand a few changes.	MCEVOY	 (his face white) Well, I'll tell you what I think --	ANNE	 (quickly) Oh, please... let's not talk politics.	MRS. BURDEN	 Anne is right. I absolutely forbid any more of it. I know what we need, we need another toast. (to the Judge) You propose it, Monty... you're so good at it.	All the King's Men 
MCEVOY	 (his face white) Well, I'll tell you what I think --	ANNE	 (quickly) Oh, please... let's not talk politics.	MRS. BURDEN	 Anne is right. I absolutely forbid any more of it. I know what we need, we need another toast. (to the Judge) You propose it, Monty... you're so good at it.	JUDGE	 To the young people... to Anne, to Jack, to Adam... To what lies before them. To the world they'll make... in spite of the mistakes we've made.	All the King's Men 
ANNE	 (quickly) Oh, please... let's not talk politics.	MRS. BURDEN	 Anne is right. I absolutely forbid any more of it. I know what we need, we need another toast. (to the Judge) You propose it, Monty... you're so good at it.	JUDGE	 To the young people... to Anne, to Jack, to Adam... To what lies before them. To the world they'll make... in spite of the mistakes we've made.	MCEVOY	 (rising) The mistakes you've made, not me. You're all still pretty high and mighty, aren't you? You all think this state needs a change. You don't like the way it's run. Well, who's going to run it? Willie Stark? The Judge? (to Jack) You? You can be bought too. As a matter of fact you have been. And with my money.	All the King's Men 
JUDGE	 To the young people... to Anne, to Jack, to Adam... To what lies before them. To the world they'll make... in spite of the mistakes we've made.	MCEVOY	 (rising) The mistakes you've made, not me. You're all still pretty high and mighty, aren't you? You all think this state needs a change. You don't like the way it's run. Well, who's going to run it? Willie Stark? The Judge? (to Jack) You? You can be bought too. As a matter of fact you have been. And with my money.	MCEVOY	 (slowly) That's a waste of good liquor. (looks at Mrs. Burden) Your mother wouldn't approve.	MRS. BURDEN	 Jack...	All the King's Men 
ANNE	 And do what?	JACK	 (rises impatiently) And live in a shack and eat red beans. Anne, what do you want me to do?	ANNE	 Oh, Jack, Jack, you haven't been sure. You've gone from one thing to the other... a year at law school, and now this job as a reporter...	JACK	 Are you afraid I can't make a living?	All the King's Men 
ANNE	 I don't know. It's just that I want you to be... to do... something important.	JACK	 Like your father. All right. I'll run for governor. (pause) Anne, I'm sorry. I'm sorry I said that.	ANNE	 All right, Jack. I'll go away with you. I'll do anything you want me to do.	JACK	 Anne, I've wanted you to say that more than anything in the world, and now that you've said it... Anne, I guess you were right. I'm not sure of anything, including myself. I'm not sure I could live up to the... (looks again at the portrait) Anne, wait for me. Please wait for me.	All the King's Men 
ANNE	 All right, Jack. I'll go away with you. I'll do anything you want me to do.	JACK	 Anne, I've wanted you to say that more than anything in the world, and now that you've said it... Anne, I guess you were right. I'm not sure of anything, including myself. I'm not sure I could live up to the... (looks again at the portrait) Anne, wait for me. Please wait for me.	ANNE	 I'll wait for you.	MADISON	 Hello, Jack. Cut your vacation short, didn't you?	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 ...Measure of the damages is caused by...	LUCY	 (prompting) A breach...	WILLIE	 A breach...	LUCY	 Of an agreement...	All the King's Men 
LUCY	 To sell personal property...	WILLIE	 To sell... (slams the book shut) Oh, two years of this.	LUCY	 (leaning over to him) Oh, go on, Willie, go on.	WILLIE	 Willie Stark... Bachelor of Law...	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 To sell... (slams the book shut) Oh, two years of this.	LUCY	 (leaning over to him) Oh, go on, Willie, go on.	WILLIE	 Willie Stark... Bachelor of Law...	WILLIE	 If you'll just let me take your case...	All the King's Men 
POLITICIAN	 I know a way... find a dummy.	SADIE	 Find a dummy. (looks at Harrison) That's what we've got.	POLITICIAN	 A guy from the sticks... strong enough to grab some votes and dumb enough not to ask questions.	DUFFY	 If you want to listen to a boy from the sticks, I know just the guy.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 Wonder who that is?	DUFFY	 Brought some people all the way up from the state capital just to meet you. (turns to others) Folks, I want you to meet Willie Stark, the next governor of our state.	WILLIE	 Folks, if you'll just bear patiently with me for a couple of minutes, I'd like to tell you what this state needs. It needs a balanced tax program. Now I'd like to give you the facts and the figures.	WILLIE	 How did it sound, Jack?	All the King's Men 
JACK	 Fine, Willie, fine.	WILLIE	 (alarmed) Say... I forgot to send a telegram to Lucy... Conductor!	WILLIE	 Now right here... right here I'd like to add something about last year's taxes... eh?	DUFFY	 I wouldn't add a thing. Just give them the facts.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 Do you mind if I sit with you, Sadie?	SADIE	 (shrugs) Stand... sit...	JACK	 Thanks... Tell me, what are you on this merry-go-round for?	SADIE	 I take notes.	All the King's Men 
SADIE	 No. No, brother, you don't.	JACK	 (lights a cigarette) It is a frame, isn't it?	SADIE	 Why don't you give me a cigarette?	JACK	 (gives her the pack) To split the vote and win the election for Harrison, huh?	All the King's Men 
SADIE	 Why don't you give me a cigarette?	JACK	 (gives her the pack) To split the vote and win the election for Harrison, huh?	SADIE	 If you know, why do you ask?	JACK	 I just want to make sure.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 Look, why don't you tell the boys back home to save their money. Willie couldn't steal a vote from... from Abe Lincoln in the Cradle of the Confederacy.	SADIE	 I wish the poor... had enough sense to have somebody give him a good greasing for the beating he's going to get. 'Cause this way all he gets out of it is the ride. (looks at Willie through the window) Hey, those speeches! Ain't they awful? Ain't they just plain awful? Question to you: if somebody told him he was a sucker, do you think he'd quit?	JACK	 I don't know, Sadie. I really don't know.	WILLIE	 (as he comes into the lobby) Did it sound all right, Mr. Burden?	All the King's Men 
JACK	 I don't know, Sadie. I really don't know.	WILLIE	 (as he comes into the lobby) Did it sound all right, Mr. Burden?	JACK	 Fine, Willie, fine.	WILLIE	 Thanks.	All the King's Men 
SADIE	 What I need is some sleep. Shut up!	JACK	 (shouting back at Sadie) Shut up yourself! (goes to bed, shakes Willie) Listen, Willie, try it on your feet this time.	WILLIE	 Oh, no. Wait a minute. My feet are killing me. Let me stay here, huh?	JACK	 All right... Look, Willie, you tell 'em too much. Just tell 'em you're going to soak the fat boys and forget the rest of the tax stuff.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 All right... Look, Willie, you tell 'em too much. Just tell 'em you're going to soak the fat boys and forget the rest of the tax stuff.	WILLIE	 (pathetically) That's what I say.	JACK	 But it's the way you say it. Willie, make 'em cry. Make 'em laugh, make 'em mad, even mad at you. Stir 'em up and they'll love it and come back for more. But for heaven's sake don't try and improve their minds.	WILLIE	 (suddenly) A man don't have to be governor.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 But it's the way you say it. Willie, make 'em cry. Make 'em laugh, make 'em mad, even mad at you. Stir 'em up and they'll love it and come back for more. But for heaven's sake don't try and improve their minds.	WILLIE	 (suddenly) A man don't have to be governor.	JACK	 (surprised) What?	WILLIE	 A man don't have to be governor.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 (suddenly) A man don't have to be governor.	JACK	 (surprised) What?	WILLIE	 A man don't have to be governor.	JACK	 Well, they haven't counted up the votes yet.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 Well, they haven't counted up the votes yet.	WILLIE	 (quietly) Oh, I'm going to lose, Mr. Burden. I know that. Don't try and fool me. I'm not going to lie to you. I wanted it. I wanted it so badly I stayed up nights thinking about it. A man wants something so badly he gets mixed up in knowing what he wants. It's something inside of you. I would have made a good governor. Better than those other fellows.	JACK	 Come in.	WILLIE	 (almost to himself) A great governor.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 Come in.	WILLIE	 (almost to himself) A great governor.	SADIE	 Since you won't let me sleep you might at least give me a drink.	WILLIE	 (muttering) Build them highways... greatest system of highways in the country.	All the King's Men 
SADIE	 Since you won't let me sleep you might at least give me a drink.	WILLIE	 (muttering) Build them highways... greatest system of highways in the country.	JACK	 (to Sadie) Help yourself.	WILLIE	 I'll build schools.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 (muttering) Build them highways... greatest system of highways in the country.	JACK	 (to Sadie) Help yourself.	WILLIE	 I'll build schools.	SADIE	 (to Jack) What's up?	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 I'll build schools.	SADIE	 (to Jack) What's up?	JACK	 Nothing... except Willie here has been saying as how he's not going to be governor.	SADIE	 (directly, to Jack) So you told him.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 Nothing... except Willie here has been saying as how he's not going to be governor.	SADIE	 (directly, to Jack) So you told him.	JACK	 I don't tell anyone anything... I just listen.	SADIE	 (goes to Willie) Who told you?	All the King's Men 
JACK	 I don't tell anyone anything... I just listen.	SADIE	 (goes to Willie) Who told you?	WILLIE	 Told me what? Told me what?	SADIE	 That you're not going to be governor.	All the King's Men 
SADIE	 That you're not going to be governor.	WILLIE	 (getting up) Jack! Told me what?... Told me what?	SADIE	 (loudly) All right! That you've been framed, you poor sap.	WILLIE	 (quietly) Framed?	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 (getting up) Jack! Told me what?... Told me what?	SADIE	 (loudly) All right! That you've been framed, you poor sap.	WILLIE	 (quietly) Framed?	SADIE	 And how! Oh, you decoy, you woodenhead decoy! And you let 'em. You let 'em because you thought you were the little lamb of God. But you know what you are? (she waits for his answer; he has none) Well, you're the goat! You are the sacrificial goat! You are a sap... because you let 'em.	All the King's Men 
SADIE	 (loudly) All right! That you've been framed, you poor sap.	WILLIE	 (quietly) Framed?	SADIE	 And how! Oh, you decoy, you woodenhead decoy! And you let 'em. You let 'em because you thought you were the little lamb of God. But you know what you are? (she waits for his answer; he has none) Well, you're the goat! You are the sacrificial goat! You are a sap... because you let 'em.	JACK	 Sadie! That's enough.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 (quietly) Framed?	SADIE	 And how! Oh, you decoy, you woodenhead decoy! And you let 'em. You let 'em because you thought you were the little lamb of God. But you know what you are? (she waits for his answer; he has none) Well, you're the goat! You are the sacrificial goat! You are a sap... because you let 'em.	JACK	 Sadie! That's enough.	SADIE	 Enough? He didn't even get anything out of it. Oh, they'd have paid you to take a rap like that, but they didn't have to pay a sap like you. Oh, no, you were so full of yourself and hot air, all you wanted was a chance to stand up on your hind legs and make a speech: my friends, what this state needs is a good five-cent cigar. What this state needs is a --	All the King's Men 
SADIE	 Enough? He didn't even get anything out of it. Oh, they'd have paid you to take a rap like that, but they didn't have to pay a sap like you. Oh, no, you were so full of yourself and hot air, all you wanted was a chance to stand up on your hind legs and make a speech: my friends, what this state needs is a good five-cent cigar. What this state needs is a --	WILLIE	 (to Jack) Is it true?	SADIE	 (prayerfully, to the ceiling) He wants to know if it's true.	WILLIE	 Is it true?	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 (to Jack) Is it true?	SADIE	 (prayerfully, to the ceiling) He wants to know if it's true.	WILLIE	 Is it true?	JACK	 That's what they tell me.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 That's what they tell me.	SADIE	 (handing it to him) Here.	JACK	 Hey, lay off that. You're not used to it.	SADIE	 (jeeringly) He's not used to a lot of things. Are you, Willie?	All the King's Men 
JACK	 Hey, lay off that. You're not used to it.	SADIE	 (jeeringly) He's not used to a lot of things. Are you, Willie?	JACK	 (angrily) Why don't you lay off of him, Sadie?	SADIE	 (ignores Jack) Are you, Willie? Are you? Are you... are you, are you, are you?	All the King's Men 
SADIE	 (jeeringly) He's not used to a lot of things. Are you, Willie?	JACK	 (angrily) Why don't you lay off of him, Sadie?	SADIE	 (ignores Jack) Are you, Willie? Are you? Are you... are you, are you, are you?	SADIE	 Hi.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 (angrily) Why don't you lay off of him, Sadie?	SADIE	 (ignores Jack) Are you, Willie? Are you? Are you... are you, are you, are you?	SADIE	 Hi.	JACK	 Well, things seem to have quieted down.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 Well, things seem to have quieted down.	SADIE	 (laughs) Yeah, I quieted him down.	JACK	 Yeah. How was he? Noisy?	SADIE	 Oh, he reared some. He's been telling me all the things he's going to do. He's going to do big things, this fella. He's going to be President. He's going to kill people with his bare hands. I quieted him down... Hey! Who's Lucy?	All the King's Men 
DUFFY	 Where is he?	SADIE	 (pointing) There he is.	SADIE	 Whoops!	DUFFY	 (to Jack) Is he drunk?	All the King's Men 
SADIE	 Whoops!	DUFFY	 (to Jack) Is he drunk?	JACK	 Never touches the stuff. Lucy doesn't favor drinkin'.	SADIE	 (to Jack) How'd you get him here? He was out stiff.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 Never touches the stuff. Lucy doesn't favor drinkin'.	SADIE	 (to Jack) How'd you get him here? He was out stiff.	JACK	 Hair of the dog that bit him.	SADIE	 Hair? He must have swallowed the dog.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 But I am going to tell you a story. It's a funny story...	SADIE	 (from the steps) Hey!	WILLIE'S VOICE	 ...So get ready to laugh.	SADIE	 What's he up to?	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 ...So they told the hick... and he swallowed it. He looked in his heart and he thought in all humility how he'd like to try and change things. He was just a country boy who thought that even the plainest, poorest man can be governor if his fellow citizens find he's got the stuff for the job. Well, those fellows in the striped pants... they saw the hick and they took him in.	DUFFY	 (low voice) Willie, what are you trying to do?	WILLIE	 There he is! There's your Judas Iscariot. (he pushes Duffy across the platform) Look at him... lickspittle... nose- wiper.	DUFFY	 Play! Play!	All the King's Men 
DUFFY	 (low voice) Willie, what are you trying to do?	WILLIE	 There he is! There's your Judas Iscariot. (he pushes Duffy across the platform) Look at him... lickspittle... nose- wiper.	DUFFY	 Play! Play!	WILLIE	 (pushing him again) Look at him!	All the King's Men 
DUFFY	 Play! Play!	WILLIE	 (pushing him again) Look at him!	DUFFY	 Play anything.	WILLIE	 Look at him! Joe Harrison's dummy! Look at him!	All the King's Men 
MADISON	 Divide and conquer? Stark is getting too big for his britches and the hicks are getting too smart. We're now supporting Harrison.	JACK	 (stands up) How do you square that?	MADISON	 I work here.	JACK	 (putting on his coat) Well, I don't... not any more.	All the King's Men 
MADISON	 I work here.	JACK	 (putting on his coat) Well, I don't... not any more.	MADISON	 Jack, you fool.	JACK	 If you had any guts you'd print this...	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 Double bourbon.	SADIE	 (sitting next to Jack) Same for me.	WILLIE	 And a beer. (to Jack) I hear you got fired from the paper.	JACK	 You heard wrong, Willie. I quit.	All the King's Men 
SADIE	 (sitting next to Jack) Same for me.	WILLIE	 And a beer. (to Jack) I hear you got fired from the paper.	JACK	 You heard wrong, Willie. I quit.	WILLIE	 (passing the beer back to Sugar Boy) You're smart. 'Cause before I'm through with that mob they're not going to have enough money left to pay the boy that cleans the spittoons.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 You heard wrong, Willie. I quit.	WILLIE	 (passing the beer back to Sugar Boy) You're smart. 'Cause before I'm through with that mob they're not going to have enough money left to pay the boy that cleans the spittoons.	JACK	 How do you feel, Willie?	WILLIE	 I feel fine, fine. You see, Jack, I learned something.	All the King's Men 
FADE IN:		JACK	 (voice over) I didn't see Willie again until his second campaign... four years later.	JACK	 (voice over) I drifted from job to job...	JACK	 (voice over) ...That is, whenever I could find one.	All the King's Men 
CHARGES OLD MACHINE STILL CORRUPT		JACK	 (voice over) He had his foot in the door and he kept right on pushing to get in. He had lost the election but he had won the state... and he knew it... and the people knew it.	MONTAGE: WILLIE'S LIFE		TO THE PEOPLE... WILLIE STARK		All the King's Men 
WILLIE STARK		JACK	 (voice over) They were all hopping on his bandwagon... even Tiny Duffy.	JACK	 (voice over) Yep, Willie came back like he said he would.	WILLIE	 Do you want to know what my platform is? Here it is: I'm going to soak the fat boys and I'm going to spread it thin.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 Do you want to know what my platform is? Here it is: I'm going to soak the fat boys and I'm going to spread it thin.	JACK	 (voice over) Willie was right -- he'd learned how to win...	JACK	 (voice over) He spent a lot of money doing it... an awful lot of money... I was beginning to wonder where he got it from.	JACK	 (voice over) There were rumors throughout the state that Willie was making deals with all kinds of people... strange deals... for Willie Stark.	All the King's Men 
DUFFY	 Let these boys through, officer.	WILLIE	 (to Jack) Duffy works for me now.	JACK	 It looks like everybody works for you.	WILLIE	 No. No, not yet. But I want to keep him around. He reminds me of something I never want to forget.	All the King's Men 
DUFFY	 Five dollars a head.	WILLIE	 (to Sugar Boy) What do you think, Sugar? Do they look like good boys?	SUGAR BOY	 T-t-they b-b-better be.	WILLIE	 Get a hundred... All right, go on, all of you. Blow. Blow, blow. You too, Duffy. Go on.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 Fine... fine.	SADIE	 Hey, I need a boy... Where's a boy? (boy runs up) Take that downstairs; they're waiting for it. Right away, on the double. (to typist) Listen, baby, you've got to double- space all of this... he can't read, see.	JACK	 Sadie!	SADIE	 (to typist) And they need four copies. (looks up) Hi, Jack. How are you?	All the King's Men 
JACK	 Sadie!	SADIE	 (to typist) And they need four copies. (looks up) Hi, Jack. How are you?	WILLIE	 Sadie is my secretary now. (to messenger, trying to squeeze by) Oh, pardon me.	SADIE	 Fix your tie, Willie.	All the King's Men 
SADIE	 (to typist) And they need four copies. (looks up) Hi, Jack. How are you?	WILLIE	 Sadie is my secretary now. (to messenger, trying to squeeze by) Oh, pardon me.	SADIE	 Fix your tie, Willie.	WILLIE	 Hey, Sugar.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 Three hundred dollars a month.	WILLIE	 (laughs) I could buy you cheap, couldn't I?	JACK	 For a bag of salt.	WILLIE	 No. No, I don't play that way. I like you, boy. I always have. I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll give you four hundred dollars a month and traveling expenses.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 Because they believe in me.	JACK	 (voice over) I was going home again. But this time it was different. Now I had a feeling that maybe the waiting was over... for me, and for Anne.	WILLIE	 It's a far cry from where I come from... to this house.	WILLIE	 And standing here under the portrait of one of the greatest governors of this state, talking to you people... well, it's an honor I never thought I'd have.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 And standing here under the portrait of one of the greatest governors of this state, talking to you people... well, it's an honor I never thought I'd have.	JACK	 Are there any questions? (looks around) Mr. McEvoy.	MCEVOY	 (smiles) No, I have no questions.	JACK	 Judge?	All the King's Men 
JACK	 Are there any questions? (looks around) Mr. McEvoy.	MCEVOY	 (smiles) No, I have no questions.	JACK	 Judge?	JUDGE	 A few... but it will hold.	All the King's Men 
JUDGE	 It's a deal.	WILLIE	 Jack, we have to get back to town... a lot to do. (shakes hands with Adam) Dr. Stanton.	ANNE	 I'm very glad to have met you.	FADE IN:		All the King's Men 
CROWD	 We want Willie! We want Willie!	WILLIE	 (raises his hands for silence) This is not a time for speechmaking. I should get on my knees and ask God to give me strength to carry out your will.	WILLIE	 This much I swear to you. These things you shall have. I'm going to build a hospital. The biggest that money can buy... and it will belong to you. That any man, woman, or child who is sick or in pain can go through those doors and know that everything will be done for them that man can do. To heal sickness. To ease pain. Free. Not as a charity, but as a right. And it is your right that every child shall have a complete education. That any man who produces anything can take it to market without paying toll. And no poor man's land or farm can be taxed or taken away from him. And it is the right of the people that they will not be deprived of hope...	ANNE	 Does he mean it, Jack? Does he?	All the King's Men 
ANNE	 Does he mean it, Jack? Does he?	STANTON	 (as he walks away) That's his bribe.	FADE IN:		JACK	 (voice over) What if it was his bribe! He swept the old gang out of office. What if they hollered like stuck pigs? He jammed through bill after bill and the people got what they wanted.	All the King's Men 
FADE IN:		JACK	 (voice over) What if it was his bribe! He swept the old gang out of office. What if they hollered like stuck pigs? He jammed through bill after bill and the people got what they wanted.	WILLIE	 I demand that this bill be passed. Nobody's going to tell me how to run this state.	JACK	 (voice over) He started to build the roads, the schools, the power dams, to change the face of the state from one end to the other... His methods?	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 I demand that this bill be passed. Nobody's going to tell me how to run this state.	JACK	 (voice over) He started to build the roads, the schools, the power dams, to change the face of the state from one end to the other... His methods?	JACK	 (voice over) Politics is a dirty game... and he played it rough and dirty. Willie's little black book was a record of sin and corruption. And me, Jack Burden? I kept the book and added up the accounts.	JACK	 (voice over) Clown, show-off, playboy, they yelled at him. Building football stadiums. Fiercely proud of his son who played in them.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 Oh, look at him go. He's going to be All-American.	JACK	 (voice over) They said he was building up a private army. But he was building, always building...	ERECTED THE GOVERNOR STARK HOSPITAL -- "TO HEAL SICKNESS. TO		EASE PAIN. FREE. NOT AS A CHARITY -- BUT AS A RIGHT"... WILLIE		All the King's Men 
FADE IN:		SADIE	 (through open door) You low-down, no-good redneck...	JACK	 (to secretary) What goes on here?	SECRETARY	 That's what Sadie wants to know. (she shows Jack newspaper containing photograph of Willie at the nightclub) The boss poses for too many pictures.	All the King's Men 
SADIE	 (through open door) You low-down, no-good redneck...	JACK	 (to secretary) What goes on here?	SECRETARY	 That's what Sadie wants to know. (she shows Jack newspaper containing photograph of Willie at the nightclub) The boss poses for too many pictures.	SADIE	 I'll kill him.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 (to secretary) What goes on here?	SECRETARY	 That's what Sadie wants to know. (she shows Jack newspaper containing photograph of Willie at the nightclub) The boss poses for too many pictures.	SADIE	 I'll kill him.	JACK	 Why, Sadie, I'm surprised at you.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 He's been two-timing Lucy. So there's another kind of arithmetic for what he's doing to you.	SADIE	 Lucy? (laughs) If she had her way he'd be back in Kanoma City slopping the hogs right now. And he knows it. He knows what she'd do for him. She had her chance.	JACK	 You seem to think Lucy's on her way out, don't you?	SADIE	 He'll ditch her... Give him time.	All the King's Men 
NEWSMEN	 Have you heard about Pillsbury? What do you intend to do about Pillsbury? How about it, Governor?	WILLIE	 Later, boys, later. (to Jack) Say, Jack, go back and get the Judge. Let's get him over to my hotel just as soon as you can.	ANNE	 (to Willie) I waited for you. (she sees Sadie) Hello. (back to Willie) You promised we could... uh... discuss my charity project... Children's home?	WILLIE	 Well, I'm very sorry. Something very important came up. You'll call me later, won't you?	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 Later, boys, later. (to Jack) Say, Jack, go back and get the Judge. Let's get him over to my hotel just as soon as you can.	ANNE	 (to Willie) I waited for you. (she sees Sadie) Hello. (back to Willie) You promised we could... uh... discuss my charity project... Children's home?	WILLIE	 Well, I'm very sorry. Something very important came up. You'll call me later, won't you?	ANNE	 Yes, certainly.	All the King's Men 
PILLSBURY	 It's a fact, a blasphemous fact.	SADIE	 Yeah?... Oh, I see. (hangs up) Dumond can't come. He says his wife is sick.	WILLIE	 I don't care if she's dying. Sugar, get the car. Get him and bring him over here.	WILLIE	 Now, you know what you're supposed to do, don't you, Pillsbury? You're supposed to stay poor and take orders. Oh, there'll be some sweetening for you from time to time... but Duffy'll take care of that. Don't you go setting yourself up on your own again, do you understand that?	All the King's Men 
PILLSBURY	 No.	WILLIE	 (roaring) Well, sign it! Don't put any date on it. I can fill that in when I need it.	WILLIE	 Now bring it to me.	WILLIE	 Now get out.	All the King's Men 
JUDGE	 They're talking about impeachment proceedings.	WILLIE	 (rising) Against who?	JUDGE	 This time, Pillsbury.	WILLIE	 I got that "this time," Judge.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 It's too true.	SADIE	 Yes? (hands phone to Willie) This is it, Willie. Jeff Hopkins on the wire.	WILLIE	 What have we got on Hopkins, Jack? (as Jack riffles through the black book) Hello, Jeff. About that Pillsbury business... (reads from black book Jack holds out for him) Here's what I want you to do when it comes up in the legislature. Now, wait a minute, wait a minute. You listen to me. (still reading from book) You got a mortgage coming due on that place of yours in about five weeks, haven't you? You'd like to get it renewed, wouldn't you? (pause) All right, Tiny'll talk to you in the morning.	WILLIE	 Get going, Tiny.	All the King's Men 
SADIE	 Yes? (hands phone to Willie) This is it, Willie. Jeff Hopkins on the wire.	WILLIE	 What have we got on Hopkins, Jack? (as Jack riffles through the black book) Hello, Jeff. About that Pillsbury business... (reads from black book Jack holds out for him) Here's what I want you to do when it comes up in the legislature. Now, wait a minute, wait a minute. You listen to me. (still reading from book) You got a mortgage coming due on that place of yours in about five weeks, haven't you? You'd like to get it renewed, wouldn't you? (pause) All right, Tiny'll talk to you in the morning.	WILLIE	 Get going, Tiny.	JUDGE	 You haven't answered my question. Why are you saving Pillsbury's hide?	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 I'm not a bit interested in Pillsbury's hide. It's something much more important than that. If the McMurphy boys get the notion they can get away with this, there's no telling where they'll stop.	JUDGE	 (quietly) Or where you will... Pillsbury is guilty. As attorney general of this state, it's my job to prosecute.	WILLIE	 Judge, you talk like Pillsbury was... was human. He isn't. He's a thing. You don't prosecute an adding machine if the spring goes busted and makes a mistake. You fix it. Well, I fixed him. I'm not a bit interested in Pillsbury. It's something much bigger than that.	JUDGE	 (getting up) Yes, it is.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 Judge, you talk like Pillsbury was... was human. He isn't. He's a thing. You don't prosecute an adding machine if the spring goes busted and makes a mistake. You fix it. Well, I fixed him. I'm not a bit interested in Pillsbury. It's something much bigger than that.	JUDGE	 (getting up) Yes, it is.	JACK	 He's right, Judge. Can't you see that he's right?	JUDGE	 He's right because you want him to be right. Because you're afraid to admit you've made a mistake. Do it now before it's too late. (to Willie) I'm offering my resignation as attorney general. You'll have it in writing by messenger in the morning... dated.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 He's right, Judge. Can't you see that he's right?	JUDGE	 He's right because you want him to be right. Because you're afraid to admit you've made a mistake. Do it now before it's too late. (to Willie) I'm offering my resignation as attorney general. You'll have it in writing by messenger in the morning... dated.	WILLIE	 (softly) It took you a long time to make up your mind, Judge. A long time. What made you take such a long time?	JUDGE	 I wasn't sure.	All the King's Men 
JUDGE	 He's right because you want him to be right. Because you're afraid to admit you've made a mistake. Do it now before it's too late. (to Willie) I'm offering my resignation as attorney general. You'll have it in writing by messenger in the morning... dated.	WILLIE	 (softly) It took you a long time to make up your mind, Judge. A long time. What made you take such a long time?	JUDGE	 I wasn't sure.	WILLIE	 And now you are?	All the King's Men 
JUDGE	 I'm through with politics.	WILLIE	 I'm happy to hear that. (extends his hand) No hard feelings.	JUDGE	 (ignores the hand) Goodbye, Governor. (to Jack) Are you coming with me, Jack?	JUDGE	 You're making a mistake.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 I'm happy to hear that. (extends his hand) No hard feelings.	JUDGE	 (ignores the hand) Goodbye, Governor. (to Jack) Are you coming with me, Jack?	JUDGE	 You're making a mistake.	WILLIE	 Do you think he means it when he says he's through with politics, Sadie?	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 You've got to understand me.	ANNE	 (turns away) I understand you. It's myself I don't understand.	WILLIE	 Do you think I like sneaking around corners any more than you do? But right now, with the Pillsbury business and with your uncle quitting... If I got a divorce...	ANNE	 Maybe we'd better stop seeing each other.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 No. No, we won't stop seeing each other, will we?	ANNE	 (slowly) No.	WILLIE	 Because you believe in what I tell you.	ANNE	 (puts her hand on his) Because I believe what you tell me.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 Because you believe in what I tell you.	ANNE	 (puts her hand on his) Because I believe what you tell me.	SADIE	 Good evening, Governor Stark. (looks at Anne, but talks to Willie) I thought you might like to know that Judge Stanton kept his promise. (directly to Willie) He gave the story to every paper in town.	WILLIE	 Sugar, meet me at the hotel as soon as you can.	All the King's Men 
ANNE	 (puts her hand on his) Because I believe what you tell me.	SADIE	 Good evening, Governor Stark. (looks at Anne, but talks to Willie) I thought you might like to know that Judge Stanton kept his promise. (directly to Willie) He gave the story to every paper in town.	WILLIE	 Sugar, meet me at the hotel as soon as you can.	FADE IN:		All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 What's the matter, Jack? Are you afraid you might find something out?	JACK	 (voice over) I kept saying to myself that Willie was wrong about the Judge. If there was anything left at Burden's Landing, it was honor. I had to believe that.	JACK	 Anne, I want to ask you a question. Was the Judge ever broke? Really broke?	ANNE	 Why do you want to know?	All the King's Men 
JACK	 Me, I'm on the thirsty side. Bring some glasses, Anne, quick.	STANTON	 (laughing) It's been a long time since I played this thing. What do you say we wake up the ghosts, huh?	JACK	 (calling to Anne) Another glass, Anne, for a ghost.	STANTON	 (starting to play) Remember the last time I played this? You and Anne were dancing?	All the King's Men 
STANTON	 (laughing) It's been a long time since I played this thing. What do you say we wake up the ghosts, huh?	JACK	 (calling to Anne) Another glass, Anne, for a ghost.	STANTON	 (starting to play) Remember the last time I played this? You and Anne were dancing?	JACK	 Shall we dance?	All the King's Men 
JACK	 (calling to Anne) Another glass, Anne, for a ghost.	STANTON	 (starting to play) Remember the last time I played this? You and Anne were dancing?	JACK	 Shall we dance?	ANNE	 Let's... let's have a drink first.	All the King's Men 
ANNE	 Let's... let's have a drink first.	JACK	 No, no... keep playing. Anne and I want to hear this, don't we, Anne? (Jack pours the wine) Adam... ghost... and me.	STANTON	 What shall we drink to?	JACK	 To the ghost?... To Adam, to the director of the new medical center.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 To the ghost?... To Adam, to the director of the new medical center.	STANTON	 (bangs the piano keys) Don't you ever stop working for him?	ANNE	 Adam!	STANTON	 I came up here to get away...	All the King's Men 
ANNE	 What other things?	STANTON	 (looks at her) You too?	ANNE	 Yes, me too.	JACK	 Anne, if Adam doesn't want to discuss it, let's not.	All the King's Men 
STANTON	 How would they know? The first thing he did was to take over the newspapers and the radio stations. Why be so afraid of criticism? If Stark is interested in doing good, he should also be interested in the truth. I don't see how you can separate the two. No, Stark is not for me.	ANNE	 (upset) No, Stark is not for you. Well, what is for you? Pride. Pride, that's all it is... foolish, stupid pride. All you've ever talked about is what you could do if... if somebody would tear down and build. All right, all right, somebody has, and he's given it to you. But he's not for you. No, he's not for you.	STANTON	 Anne... Anne...	JACK	 (voice over) Will I find anything, Judge? Will I? I didn't find it all at once. It takes a long time to go through old courthouse records and musty deeds... a very long time. But it wasn't too hard for me. I was well trained in research, especially this kind.	All the King's Men 
STANTON	 Anne... Anne...	JACK	 (voice over) Will I find anything, Judge? Will I? I didn't find it all at once. It takes a long time to go through old courthouse records and musty deeds... a very long time. But it wasn't too hard for me. I was well trained in research, especially this kind.	JACK	 (voice over) I found what I didn't want to find.	JACK	 Have some photostat copies made of these. I'll be back tomorrow for them.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 Stone.	SADIE	 I'll have one with you. (starts tidying up the room) What are you hiding out for?	JACK	 I'm not. I've been sleeping.	SADIE	 For four days? You've been back in town for four days.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 Willie's boy is worried about Willie's boy.	SADIE	 Well, why don't you put something on the phonograph -- a low-down, mean blues. Play it over and over again until you're sick of it. Then crack it and go back to work. (sits down) I do it all the time.	JACK	 That's not my problem.	SADIE	 No, it isn't your problem. (gets up again) I'll wait for you if you want to powder your nose.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 That's not my problem.	SADIE	 No, it isn't your problem. (gets up again) I'll wait for you if you want to powder your nose.	JACK	 I'll be with you in a minute.	SADIE	 Hmmm. Yeah, I can see it. I've got to look in the mirror to be able to see it. Soft, white skin... not like mine. (runs her hand across her cheeks) I had smallpox when I was a kid. Where I lived it seemed nearly all the kids had smallpox...	All the King's Men 
JACK	 I'll be with you in a minute.	SADIE	 Hmmm. Yeah, I can see it. I've got to look in the mirror to be able to see it. Soft, white skin... not like mine. (runs her hand across her cheeks) I had smallpox when I was a kid. Where I lived it seemed nearly all the kids had smallpox...	SADIE	 It leaves your face hard. Then she's got poise. Look at the way she holds her head... at just the right angle. That takes training. That takes years of training...	SADIE	 I see what Willie sees. Willie's got big ideas, Jack.	All the King's Men 
SADIE	 He ditched Lucy, he ditched me, and he'll ditch you.	JACK	 (shaking her) Answer me!	SADIE	 He'll ditch everybody in the whole world because that's what Willie wants. Nobody in the world but him.	JACK	 What are you talking about?	All the King's Men 
JACK	 What? Bucket boy? Towel slinger? What?	WILLIE	 (looks at him closely) What's eating you, Jack?	JACK	 (avoiding it) What else do you want me to do?	WILLIE	 If you've got something on your mind, boy, spit it out. We've been together too long to play games.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 (looks at him closely) What's eating you, Jack?	JACK	 (avoiding it) What else do you want me to do?	WILLIE	 If you've got something on your mind, boy, spit it out. We've been together too long to play games.	JACK	 What do you want me to do?	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 I heard it around.	JACK	 (insistent) How did you hear he turned it down, Willie?	WILLIE	 I'll be right back, Jack. I want to see what's happening here.	COACH	 You going to practice the way I tell you.	All the King's Men 
TOM	 It doesn't make any difference to me either way... whether I play or not.	WILLIE	 Well, it does to me. (to coach) What do you want him to do?	COACH	 To behave himself. Like the rest of the boys. Four times this season he's broken training. He comes on the practice field half potted.	WILLIE	 Tom, you're going to have to obey the rules. Do you hear me? You're going to obey the rules.	All the King's Men 
TOM	 I put 'em across, don't I? Every Saturday I put 'em across and I can still do it, drunk or sober. That's all you want, isn't it... for me to put 'em across so you can big-shot it around? Isn't that all you want?	WILLIE	 Tom! (to coach) He's a little high-strung. (goes after Tom) Tom, come here. Tom!	HELENE	 (laughing) Come on, Tommy... let's go faster. Come on...	2ND COP	 (looking at Tom) It's the governor's son.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 Tom! (to coach) He's a little high-strung. (goes after Tom) Tom, come here. Tom!	HELENE	 (laughing) Come on, Tommy... let's go faster. Come on...	2ND COP	 (looking at Tom) It's the governor's son.	NEWSPAPER HEADLINES		All the King's Men 
HELENE	 (laughing) Come on, Tommy... let's go faster. Come on...	2ND COP	 (looking at Tom) It's the governor's son.	NEWSPAPER HEADLINES		GOVERNOR'S SON HURT:		All the King's Men 
HALE	 What I've got to say anybody can listen to... Where's your boy?	WILLIE	 Now... now, don't get excited. (to Sugar Boy) Get me another drink, Sugar.	HALE	 My daughter may die.	WILLIE	 She's not going to die. She'll get the best medical attention there is. No expense will be spared.	All the King's Men 
LUCY	 No, he won't be all right unless you make him all right. I'll get him.	WILLIE	 Lucy! (to Hale) You care for a drink?	HALE	 No thanks.	WILLIE	 Accidents will happen, you know.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 Tom, the doctor says you need rest, boy.	TOM	 (turns on him) I don't want you to try to cover up for me. I was wrong... that's all there is to it.	WILLIE	 You don't know what you're talking about. I saw the police report --	TOM	 I don't care what the police report says. I was driving and I was drunk. It's all my fault. (to Hale) Anything you want to do to me, you can do. Whatever you want me to do, I'll do.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 You don't know what you're talking about. I saw the police report --	TOM	 I don't care what the police report says. I was driving and I was drunk. It's all my fault. (to Hale) Anything you want to do to me, you can do. Whatever you want me to do, I'll do.	WILLIE	 Nobody has to do anything. Stop worrying. I'll take care of everything.	TOM	 I don't want you to take care of anything.	All the King's Men 
HALE	 Trucking business.	WILLIE	 Trucking business. Trucks run on state roads. If a man in the trucking business had a contract with the state, a big one, that would be pretty good, wouldn't it? (to Jack) Go on, Jack. Tell him what would happen.	WILLIE	 Go on, tell him.	HALE	 You're trying to bribe me, aren't you?	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 No, no. No, I'm not trying to bribe you. I'm... I'm only talking things over with you, that's all.	HALE	 You're pretty good at talking. I remember when you first started talking. A place called Upton. You did a lot of talking then and the things you said made sense, to me and a lot of other people. I believed in you... I followed you... and I fought for you. Well, the words are still good. But you're not. (rises) And I don't believe you ever were.	WILLIE	 (after a pause) Sugar, follow him. Keep calling in.	WILLIE	 (yells) Lucy!... Lucy!	All the King's Men 
HALE	 You're pretty good at talking. I remember when you first started talking. A place called Upton. You did a lot of talking then and the things you said made sense, to me and a lot of other people. I believed in you... I followed you... and I fought for you. Well, the words are still good. But you're not. (rises) And I don't believe you ever were.	WILLIE	 (after a pause) Sugar, follow him. Keep calling in.	WILLIE	 (yells) Lucy!... Lucy!	JACK	 I'd like Anne to see you now. I'd like Anne to see you now, you drunken sot! (drags him up the stairs) Come on.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 (yells) Lucy!... Lucy!	JACK	 I'd like Anne to see you now. I'd like Anne to see you now, you drunken sot! (drags him up the stairs) Come on.	FADE IN:		NEWSPAPER		All the King's Men 
ANOTHER REPORTER	 One more question, Governor... Where's your son?	WILLIE	 At the football stadium, where he's supposed to be. He's going to play for State University, which this administration is responsible for. He's not hiding from anybody, gentlemen. He'll be out there in full view of seventy thousand cheering fans. (starts down the stairs) One of which will be me. See you, men.	CROWD VOICES	 Where's Stark? How about Tommy Stark? Hey, Willie, send your boy in.	WILLIE	 Why don't they put him in!	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 They're booing you.	TOM	 (holds his head) Ever since the accident, my head...	WILLIE	 The doctor said it was nothing.	TOM	 Get dizzy... can't see... dizzy...	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 You're scared... plain scared.	TOM	 (looks up angrily) Get out of here!	WILLIE	 Atta boy... get mad. Show some spirit. Jack, tell him what his playing means. Go on, tell him.	JACK	 You can never tell about a head injury. Maybe the boy's hurt.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 You can never tell about a head injury. Maybe the boy's hurt.	WILLIE	 He's hurt? I'm hurt. It wasn't me that wrapped that car around the tree. It wasn't me that got drunk. But me, I'm takin' the rap. (softer, to Tom) Go on, kid. Get out there and play. Show 'em the kind of stuff a Stark is made of.	TOM	 (coldly) I wouldn't know.	JACK	 Tom... cut it out!	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 He's hurt? I'm hurt. It wasn't me that wrapped that car around the tree. It wasn't me that got drunk. But me, I'm takin' the rap. (softer, to Tom) Go on, kid. Get out there and play. Show 'em the kind of stuff a Stark is made of.	TOM	 (coldly) I wouldn't know.	JACK	 Tom... cut it out!	TOM	 (breathing heavily) All right, I'll play. Now get out of here.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 Tom... cut it out!	TOM	 (breathing heavily) All right, I'll play. Now get out of here.	P.A. ANNOUNCER	 Stark's going in!	LUCY	 Tommy... Tommy... Tommy!	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 You'll do everything you can, won't you? Anything between you and me.. that won't count, will it? It doesn't have to. Look, doc, anything you want in the world you just ask for it and you got it. Go on, doc... ask for it.	STANTON	 (coldly) There are some things, Governor Stark, that even you can't buy. Do you want me to operate, or don't you?	LUCY	 Yes... I want you to operate. (stands up) Please, may I see Tom now?	STANTON	 Yes.	All the King's Men 
STANTON	 (coldly) There are some things, Governor Stark, that even you can't buy. Do you want me to operate, or don't you?	LUCY	 Yes... I want you to operate. (stands up) Please, may I see Tom now?	STANTON	 Yes.	WILLIE	 (to Jack) How much does the doc know?	All the King's Men 
STANTON	 Yes.	WILLIE	 (to Jack) How much does the doc know?	JACK	 About what?	WILLIE	 Oh, you know what I'm talking about.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 About Anne and me.	JACK	 (after a pause) He doesn't know a thing... not a thing.	ANNE	 Jack, how is he?	JACK	 The boy?	All the King's Men 
ANNE	 He blames himself, doesn't he?	JACK	 (as he walks down the street) He'll find someone else to blame in a few days.	ANNE	 (following him) Oh, I tried to call here at the hospital, but I just...	JACK	 Anne... Anne, why did you do it?	All the King's Men 
JACK	 (as he walks down the street) He'll find someone else to blame in a few days.	ANNE	 (following him) Oh, I tried to call here at the hospital, but I just...	JACK	 Anne... Anne, why did you do it?	ANNE	 He wasn't like anybody I ever knew before.	All the King's Men 
ANNE	 Adam?	JACK	 Well, you don't have to worry about him. If Adam finds out it'll be easy to prove a Stanton is no different than anybody else. (gives her the papers on the Judge) Just show him these. Willie was right... a man is conceived in sin and born in corruption. Even Judge Stanton. Show them to him, Anne. Change the picture of the world that Adam has in his head, just like our picture of it has been changed.	JACK	 Wipe out everything he's ever believed in. It'll be good for him. There's no God but Willie Stark. I'm his prophet and you're his... (pushes her aside, then feels sorry and walks after her) Oh, Anne... Anne, I'm sorry. I didn't mean... Anne!	POLICEMAN	 What's going on here?	All the King's Men 
FADE IN:		WILLIE	 (to Adam) Right over there, that's going to be the main building... fifteen stories high, like on the model. Over there, that's the laboratory. Finest technical equipment in the world.	STANTON	 What are you trying to convince me of? I've taken the job.	WILLIE	 Why?	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 Yes, I know. I'll tell you what... You stay on your side of the fence; I'll stay on mine. Is that a deal?	JACK	 (voice over) Now he had us all... me, Anne, and Adam. Now we all worked for him.	FADE IN:		NARRATOR'S VOICE	 And so the eyes of the entire nation are now focused upon Governor Willie Stark, an amazing phenomenon on the American political scene. The whole state is filled with his accomplishments -- each of them, of course, bearing his personal signature, to make sure that no one will ever forget who gave them to the state.	All the King's Men 
SADIE	 I'll help.	LUCY	 (firmly) No, thank you. Thank you kindly.	JACK	 If you don't mind, Mrs. Stark... the boys have to get back to make the morning editions. (to photographers) Set 'em up on the porch, fellows. We'll take some pictures out here, first.	JACK	 Mrs. Stark, please... All right, fellows, take one down there, will you please... Shoot it up this way.	All the King's Men 
LUCY	 (firmly) No, thank you. Thank you kindly.	JACK	 If you don't mind, Mrs. Stark... the boys have to get back to make the morning editions. (to photographers) Set 'em up on the porch, fellows. We'll take some pictures out here, first.	JACK	 Mrs. Stark, please... All right, fellows, take one down there, will you please... Shoot it up this way.	WILLIE	 (on the last bite) You're still a great cook, Lucy. Great cook. (gets up) Well, I guess I better be getting back to town. Nice to have spent the day with the family. (kisses Lucy on the forehead) Goodbye, Lucy. (extends his hand to Tom) Tom.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 Mrs. Stark, please... All right, fellows, take one down there, will you please... Shoot it up this way.	WILLIE	 (on the last bite) You're still a great cook, Lucy. Great cook. (gets up) Well, I guess I better be getting back to town. Nice to have spent the day with the family. (kisses Lucy on the forehead) Goodbye, Lucy. (extends his hand to Tom) Tom.	TOM	 (ignores the gesture) Goodbye.	WILLIE	 Take care of yourself, Pappy. Oh, uh... how do you like the new radio I got you? (walks over to it) You know how it works? You can get police calls on it. Come here, come here... I'll show you.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 (on the last bite) You're still a great cook, Lucy. Great cook. (gets up) Well, I guess I better be getting back to town. Nice to have spent the day with the family. (kisses Lucy on the forehead) Goodbye, Lucy. (extends his hand to Tom) Tom.	TOM	 (ignores the gesture) Goodbye.	WILLIE	 Take care of yourself, Pappy. Oh, uh... how do you like the new radio I got you? (walks over to it) You know how it works? You can get police calls on it. Come here, come here... I'll show you.	WILLIE	 This one for police calls up here.	All the King's Men 
TOM	 (ignores the gesture) Goodbye.	WILLIE	 Take care of yourself, Pappy. Oh, uh... how do you like the new radio I got you? (walks over to it) You know how it works? You can get police calls on it. Come here, come here... I'll show you.	WILLIE	 This one for police calls up here.	POLICE BROADCAST	 Car sixty-two, proceed to five- eighteen Oak Street. Tom Jones beating his wife again.	All the King's Men 
ANNOUNCER'S VOICE	 The ugly charge of "official murder" has been hurled at the administration by a coalition of Stark's opponents, led by Judge Stanton, lately an outspoken critic of the administration.	WILLIE	 (to Jack) Your friend, the Judge.	ANNOUNCER'S VOICE	 Thus an almost forgotten incident provided the spark that might set off the explosion needed to rock Willie Stark out of power. The latest report is that impeachment proceedings may be instituted...	WILLIE	 How long will it take you to pack? I want you to go back to Capital City with me tonight.	All the King's Men 
TOM	 What for?	WILLIE	 (still speaking to Lucy) I'll explain all of that later. Now, Lucy, do like I say.	JACK	 I'll wait outside.	WILLIE	 You stay right here, Jack. I want you bear witness to what I've got to say.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 You stay right here, Jack. I want you bear witness to what I've got to say.	LUCY	 (indicating Sadie) She can be a witness too.	SADIE	 (starting toward the door) I'm going back to the capital and get hold of Duffy.	WILLIE	 You stay right here, Sadie.	All the King's Men 
LUCY	 (indicating Sadie) She can be a witness too.	SADIE	 (starting toward the door) I'm going back to the capital and get hold of Duffy.	WILLIE	 You stay right here, Sadie.	SADIE	 Somebody's got to go back to the capital. I'll go in the other car.	All the King's Men 
TOM	 Now he needs us. Now that he's in trouble he needs us, so he can lead us around like monkeys with rings in our noses. So he can say to people, look at me, feel sorry for me... just a family man with a wife and a crippled son...	WILLIE	 (shouts) Shut up!	LUCY	 Willie!	TOM	 Why don't you leave us alone?	All the King's Men 
LUCY	 What do you think it cost him?	WILLIE	 (in a broken voice) A man builds for his son. That's all he builds for.	LUCY	 Willie! (turns and goes into Tom's room) Tom... Tom.	WILLIE	 Give me a drink, Jack.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 (in a broken voice) A man builds for his son. That's all he builds for.	LUCY	 Willie! (turns and goes into Tom's room) Tom... Tom.	WILLIE	 Give me a drink, Jack.	WILLIE	 She'll go.	All the King's Men 
SENATOR	 Mr. Speaker, I offer a house resolution. Whereas Willie Stark, governor of this state, has been guilty of incompetence, corruption, and favoritism in office -- yes, and other high crimes -- that he is hereby impeached, and ordered to be tried by the senate.	WILLIE	 (as he meets Duffy) What's the score?	DUFFY	 They're lined up against you solid. They had a meeting.	WILLIE	 How do you know? Were you there?	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 How many votes have we got?	SADIE	 (going through some files) Eleven.	WILLIE	 We need twenty.	DUFFY	 We might be able to dig up a few more.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 All right, boy... I'll trust you. Where are you going?	JACK	 (on his way out) I'll be around.	SADIE	 Who else do you think he promised, Willie?	SADIE	 You'd be smart... play square with him. You're going to need people like us around.	All the King's Men 
SADIE	 You'd be smart... play square with him. You're going to need people like us around.	WILLIE	 (as he shuts his door) Are you sure?	MONTAGE: THE IMPEACHMENT		JACK	 (voice over) The chips were down, and Willie knew it. He was fighting for his life. He roared across the state making one speech after another. And all of them added up to the same thing... "It's not me they're after, it's you!"	All the King's Men 
MONTAGE: THE IMPEACHMENT		JACK	 (voice over) The chips were down, and Willie knew it. He was fighting for his life. He roared across the state making one speech after another. And all of them added up to the same thing... "It's not me they're after, it's you!"	JACK	 (voice over) Willie hollered foul. Willie knew if you hollered long enough, hard enough, and loud enough, people begin to believe you. Just in case they didn't, he organized spontaneous demonstrations.	WILLIE	 Tell the boys to get the hicks out. Bring 'em in from the sticks, empty the pool halls. Turn 'em out. Turn the yokels out.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 Tell the boys to get the hicks out. Bring 'em in from the sticks, empty the pool halls. Turn 'em out. Turn the yokels out.	JACK	 (voice over) In case anyone hollered back, he organized spontaneous slugging. Willie pulled every trick he ever knew -- and added a few more.	JACK	 Hey, Sugar! (To Willie) You'll never live to be impeached!	WILLIE	 Boy, I'll live to be President...	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 I've got fourteen senators to vote against impeachment. If I win, you're out of politics.	SENATOR	 (refuses to sign) I'll do whatever the Judge says.	JACK	 (voice over) And always the trail led to one place... Burden's Landing... and the Judge.	WILLIE	 You sure you don't want me to go in with you?	All the King's Men 
SENATOR	 (refuses to sign) I'll do whatever the Judge says.	JACK	 (voice over) And always the trail led to one place... Burden's Landing... and the Judge.	WILLIE	 You sure you don't want me to go in with you?	JACK	 I'm sure.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 I can't wait until tomorrow. I'm a very impatient man.	JACK	 (rising) I told you not to come in here.	WILLIE	 (ignoring him) Is it true, Judge, that you're behind the impeachment proceedings?	JUDGE	 Yes, it's true.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 (rising) I told you not to come in here.	WILLIE	 (ignoring him) Is it true, Judge, that you're behind the impeachment proceedings?	JUDGE	 Yes, it's true.	WILLIE	 I wanted to hear you say it with your own silver tongue.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 How did you find out?	WILLIE	 (hands the Judge some papers) Do you remember how you got the job?	WILLIE	 You know, Judge, dirt's a funny thing. Some of it rubs off on everybody. How did you get the job, Judge? Blackmail?	JUDGE	 (to Jack) I swear I never even remembered his name. Isn't that remarkable, Jack? I never even remembered his name. It's all so long ago it's hard for me to realize it ever happened.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 You know, Judge, dirt's a funny thing. Some of it rubs off on everybody. How did you get the job, Judge? Blackmail?	JUDGE	 (to Jack) I swear I never even remembered his name. Isn't that remarkable, Jack? I never even remembered his name. It's all so long ago it's hard for me to realize it ever happened.	WILLIE	 Yeah. But it did.	JUDGE	 Yes, it did. But it's difficult for me to realize it.	All the King's Men 
JUDGE	 Yes, I do. Jack Burden. Willie Stark's hatchet man.	JACK	 (to Willie) I asked you... how did you find out?	JUDGE	 This would never stand at law, not for a minute. It happened over twenty- five years ago, and you could never get any testimony. Everybody is dead.	WILLIE	 Everybody except you, Judge. You're alive. And people think you're a certain kind of man. And you just couldn't bear for people to think otherwise.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 Everybody except you, Judge. You're alive. And people think you're a certain kind of man. And you just couldn't bear for people to think otherwise.	JUDGE	 Ever since then I... I've done my duty. I... I'm responsible for many good things. (looks at the papers again) But I also did this.	WILLIE	 Yes, yes, you did.	JACK	 Judge, I beg of you, call and release your votes, for your sake.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 Judge, I beg of you, call and release your votes, for your sake.	JUDGE	 You have tender sensibilities for a hatchet man. (goes to the door) Good night, gentlemen.	WILLIE	 How about my answer?	JUDGE	 You'll have it in the morning.	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 It's all right, doc. Just here to discuss some politics with the Judge.	STANTON	 Oh, I see. (starts upstairs) Well, good night.	WILLIE	 Good night.	JACK	 (to Anne) Did you give him --	All the King's Men 
WILLIE	 Good night.	JACK	 (to Anne) Did you give him --	WILLIE	 Wait a minute, Jack --	JACK	 Answer me. Did you give --	All the King's Men 
STANTON	 Why not? You belong with him. Jack, how could you have done it? When Anne brought me those papers she told me you promised not to tell Stark until...	JACK	 Yeah. I know. (walks away) Well, I kept my promise.	STANTON	 Anne? Anne?	FADE IN:		All the King's Men 
JACK	 About you and Willie?	ANNE	 (nods) I tried to explain to him. I... I tried to explain to him that it wasn't the way he thought it was.	JACK	 How was it, Anne? You tell me.	ANNE	 He hit me, Jack. My own brother... he hit me.	All the King's Men 
ANNE	 He hit me, Jack. My own brother... he hit me.	JACK	 Your brother is an old-fashioned man. He believes in his sister's honor. Me, I'm a modern man. (slams clothes into the valise) The twentieth-century type. I run.	ANNE	 (rises) I'm frightened, Jack.	JACK	 For who? Your brother, or Willie?	All the King's Men 
JACK	 Your brother is an old-fashioned man. He believes in his sister's honor. Me, I'm a modern man. (slams clothes into the valise) The twentieth-century type. I run.	ANNE	 (rises) I'm frightened, Jack.	JACK	 For who? Your brother, or Willie?	ANNE	 (quietly) We're through.	All the King's Men 
JACK	 For who? Your brother, or Willie?	ANNE	 (quietly) We're through.	JACK	 Who's through with who?	ANNE	 He called me this afternoon. He's going back to Lucy. He said it was better that way.	All the King's Men 
ANNE	 Oh Jack... help me, please, please. Adam's all I've got left now. Oh, Jack, if you ever loved me...	JACK	 If I ever loved you. (pause) I'll go find Adam.	EXTERIOR: HOSPITAL SITE, DAY		THE GOVERNOR STARK HOSPITAL -- TO HEAL SICKNESS -- TO EASE		All the King's Men 
PAIN -- FREE. NOT AS A CHARITY BUT AS A RIGHT. WILLIE STARK		COP	 Where do you think you're going? (recognizes Jack) Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't recognize you.	JACK	 Do you know who Dr. Stanton is?	COP	 Yes sir.	All the King's Men 
SPEAKER	 We will first proceed to take the judgment of the senate on the question of the impeachment of the governor.	SENATOR	 (rising) Mr. Speaker, this is a farce to ask us to vote in the face of the kind of intimidation and pressure that has been exerted here in the past few weeks. Even that crowd outside, yelling on cue, is part of that pressure.	CROWD NOISE	 We want Willie. We want Willie.	ANNOUNCER	 Attention, please. Attention, please. This is a special announcement from Willie Stark to you people out there. He doesn't want any one of you to leave...	All the King's Men 
COP	 Stand back, everybody. Stand back.	SUGAR BOY	 (nearly crying) D-does it hurt m-much, boss? D-d- does it hurt much?	JACK	 Anne, Anne... Where are you going?	ANNE	 I don't know. Leave me alone.	All the King's Men 
POLICEMAN	 Mr. Burden... the governor's asking for you. You better hurry. He's going fast.	JACK	 (to Anne) Will you wait here?	JACK	 Will you wait here?	WILLIE	 It could have been the whole world, Willie Stark. The whole world... Willie Stark. Why did he do it to me... Willie Stark? Why?	All the King's Men 
