MARY	 Four letter word for vomit? S-P-E- W. Spew... Sp-ew. A door nearby opens but Mary doesn't budge. A POLICE OFFICER walks out. A 40ish female TEACHER pokes her head out the door, signals to Mary.	TEACHER	 We're ready for you now. (a plastic Kroger shopping Mary jumps up, grabs her purse bag).	MARY	 Jesus help me.			All About Steve 
MARY	 I didn't feel it	STEVE	 You didn't? (into phone) This is Steve... What? Really? Now? If I don't have a choice...	STEVE	 Work. I have to go to... Boston. This happens all the time. You know how it is. Wherever news happens... Mary gets off of him, slides back into her seat, buttons her sweater.	MARY	 It's okay. When you get back we can have plenty of quality time.	All About Steve 
HARTMAN	 (on TV) Perhaps the greatest obstacle the hostage negotiators face is the suspect's refusal to communicate using modern day technology. In keeping with his role as a medieval knight, he's insisting on an eleventh century messenger to deliver all communication. The screen splits with a female news ANCHOR.	ANCHOR	 What are we talking about here, Hartman? Carrier pigeons?	MARY	 Homing pigeons. A few of the Diners overhear.			All About Steve 
MR. HOROWITZ	 Oklahoma. Images of the Oklahoma hospital vigil are everywhere. Captions like "Breaking News: Baby Peggy" flash across the screen. EXT. OKLAHOMA CITY CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL - DAY (Oklahoma) REPORTER talks to camera.	KOCO REPORTER	 Eleven months ago, the child we've come to know as Baby Peggy was born with an extremely rare birth defect, a third leg. Shortly after the birth, her parents Misty and Bill Dunlevy separated. Now with joint custody, one parent wants the baby to keep the third leg, the other wants it gone... A few feet away, a female FOX NEWS REPORTER is on camera.	FOX NEWS REPORTER	 After months of legal wrangling, a judge has ordered in favor of the mother. Amputation surgery is scheduled for Wednesday but the father, Bill Dunlevy, isn't about to give up. As his lawyers work to secure an injunction, the devoted father rallies public support for the extra limb.			All About Steve 
STEVE	 She's on me what, thirty seconds after meeting me, and the chick will not shut up the whole time. I had to fake a work call, gave her the -	ANGUS	 (imitating Steve) Wherever news goes...	STEVE	 I think I'm in the clear, then she does this crossword - she works for the Citizen - she does this crossword all about me, and as if that's not crazy enough, she shows up here.	ANGUS	 Here?	All About Steve 
STEVE	 Hughes! Get out here!	MARY	 You know how sometimes you see a pinguid (that means fat and greasy) guy with an attractive girl and you think how the heck did he pull that off? People won't think that when they look at us. We're perfectly matched. She can hardly contain her excitement.	STEVE		HUGHES!	 Hartman peeks out of the tent.	All About Steve 
