ADDISON'S VOICE	 Having covered in tedious detail not only the history of the Sarah Siddons Society, but also the history of acting since Thespis first stepped out of the chorus line - our distinguished chairman has finally arrived at our reason for being here...	AGED ACTOR	 I have been proud and privileged to have spent my life in the Theater - "a poor player ... that struts and frets his hour upon the stage" - and I have been honored to be, for forty years, Chief Promoter of the Sarah Siddons Society... (he lifts the Sarah Siddons Award from its altar) Thirty-nine times have I placed in deserving hands this highest honor the Theater knows... (he grows a bit arch, he uses his eyebrows) Surely no actor is older than I - I have earned my place out of the sun... (indulgent laughter) ... and never before has this Award gone to anyone younger than its recipient tonight. How fitting that it should pass from my hands to hers...	AGED ACTOR	 Such young hands. Such a young lady. Young in years, but whose heart is as old as the Theater...	AGED ACTOR	 Some of us a privileged to know her. We have seen beyond the beauty and artistry-	All-About-Eve
EVE'S VOICE	 (softly) Mrs. Richards...	KAREN	 So there you are. It seemed odd, suddenly, your not being there...	EVE	 Why should you think I wouldn't be?			All-About-Eve
EVE	 I've seen you so often - it took every bit of courage I could raise-	KAREN	 (smiles) To speak to just a playwright's wife? I'm the lowest form of celebrity...	EVE	 You're Margo Channing's best friend. You and your husband are always with her - and Mr. Sampson... what's he like?	KAREN	 (grins) Bill Sampson? He's - he's a director.	All-About-Eve
EVE	 You're Margo Channing's best friend. You and your husband are always with her - and Mr. Sampson... what's he like?	KAREN	 (grins) Bill Sampson? He's - he's a director.	EVE	 He's the best.	KAREN	 He'll agree with you. Tell me, what do you between the time Margo goes in and comes out? Just huddle in that doorway and wait?	All-About-Eve
EVE	 Oh, no. I see the play.	KAREN	 (incredulous) You see the play? You've seen the play every performance? (Eve nods) But, don't you find it - I mean apart from everything else - don't you find it expensive?	EVE	 Standing room doesn't cost much. I manage.	KAREN	 I'm going to take you to Margo...	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 I'm going to take you to Margo...	EVE	 (hanging back) Oh, no...	KAREN	 She's got to meet you-	EVE	 No, I'd be imposing on her, I'd be just another tongue-tied gushing fan...	All-About-Eve
EVE	 No, I'd be imposing on her, I'd be just another tongue-tied gushing fan...	KAREN	 (insisting) There isn't another like you, there couldn't be-	EVE	 But if I'd known... maybe some other time... I mean, looking like this.	KAREN	 You look just fine... (they're at the stage door) ... by the way. What's your name?	All-About-Eve
EVE	 But if I'd known... maybe some other time... I mean, looking like this.	KAREN	 You look just fine... (they're at the stage door) ... by the way. What's your name?	EVE	 Eve. Eve Harrington.			All-About-Eve
KAREN	 (whispers) You wait a minute... (smiles) ... now don't run away-	MARGO'S VOICE	 (loudly; through the door) "Honey chile," I said, "if the South had won the war, you could write the same plays about the North!"					All-About-Eve
KAREN	 Hi. (she goes to kiss Lloyd) Hello, darling-	MARGO	 Hi. (she goes right on - in a think "Suth'n" accent) "Well, now Mis' Channin', ah don't think you can rightly say we lost the wah, we was mo' stahved out, you might say - an' that's what ah don' unnerstand about all these plays about love-stahved Suth'n women - love is one thing we was nevah stahved for the South!"	LLOYD	 How was the concert?	KAREN	 Loud.	All-About-Eve
BIRDIE	 Well. I guess a real tight girdle help when you're playin' a lunatic.	KAREN	 (firmly) Margo does not play a lunatic, Birdie.	BIRDIE	 I know. She just keeps hearin' her dead father play the banjo.	MARGO	 It's the tight girdle that does it.	All-About-Eve
LLOYD	 Easy, now...	MARGO	 (grins) Relax, kid. It's only me and my big mouth...	KAREN	 (mollified) It's just that you get me so mad sometimes... of all the women in the world with nothing to complain about-	MARGO	 (dryly) Ain't it the truth?	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 (grins) Relax, kid. It's only me and my big mouth...	KAREN	 (mollified) It's just that you get me so mad sometimes... of all the women in the world with nothing to complain about-	MARGO	 (dryly) Ain't it the truth?	KAREN	 Yes, it is! You're talented, famous, wealthy - people waiting around night after night just to see you, even in the wind and rain...	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 (mollified) It's just that you get me so mad sometimes... of all the women in the world with nothing to complain about-	MARGO	 (dryly) Ain't it the truth?	KAREN	 Yes, it is! You're talented, famous, wealthy - people waiting around night after night just to see you, even in the wind and rain...	MARGO	 Autograph fiends! They're not people - those little beast who run in packs like coyotes-	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 You've what?	KAREN	 (in a whisper) She's just outside the door.	MARGO	 (to Birdie; also a whisper) The heave-ho.	KAREN	 You can't put her out, I promised... Margo, you've got to see her, she worships you, it's like something out of a book-	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 (in a whisper) She's just outside the door.	MARGO	 (to Birdie; also a whisper) The heave-ho.	KAREN	 You can't put her out, I promised... Margo, you've got to see her, she worships you, it's like something out of a book-	LLOYD	 That book is out of print, Karen, those days are gone. Fans no longer pull the carriage through the streets - they tear off clothes and steal wrist watches...	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 If you'd only see her, you're her whole life - you must have spotted her by now, she's always there...	MARGO	 Kind of mousy trench coat and funny hat? (Karen nods) How could I miss her? Every night and matinee - well...	BIRDIE	 Once George Jessel played my hometown. For a girl, gettin' in to see him was easy. Gettin' out was the problem...	EVE	 (simply) I thought you'd forgotten about me.	All-About-Eve
BIRDIE	 Once George Jessel played my hometown. For a girl, gettin' in to see him was easy. Gettin' out was the problem...	EVE	 (simply) I thought you'd forgotten about me.	KAREN	 Not at all. (her arm through Eve's) Margo, this is Eve Harrington.	MARGO	 (musically) How do you do, my dear.	All-About-Eve
EVE	 (simply) I thought you'd forgotten about me.	KAREN	 Not at all. (her arm through Eve's) Margo, this is Eve Harrington.	MARGO	 (musically) How do you do, my dear.	BIRDIE	 (mutters) Oh, brother.	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 Not at all. (her arm through Eve's) Margo, this is Eve Harrington.	MARGO	 (musically) How do you do, my dear.	BIRDIE	 (mutters) Oh, brother.	EVE	 Hello, Miss Channing.	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 (musically) How do you do, my dear.	BIRDIE	 (mutters) Oh, brother.	EVE	 Hello, Miss Channing.	KAREN	 My husband...	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 My husband...	LLOYD	 (nicely) Hello, Miss Harrington.	EVE	 How do you do, Mr. Richards.	MARGO	 (graciously) And this is my good friend and companion, Miss Birdie Coonan.	All-About-Eve
EVE	 How do you do, Mr. Richards.	MARGO	 (graciously) And this is my good friend and companion, Miss Birdie Coonan.	BIRDIE	 Oh, brother.	MARGO	 Miss Coonan...	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 Miss Coonan...	LLOYD	 (to Birdie) Oh brother what?	BIRDIE	 When she gets like this... all of a sudden she's playin' Hamlet's mother...	MARGO	 (quiet menace) I'm sure you must have things to do in the bathroom, Birdie dear.	All-About-Eve
BIRDIE	 When she gets like this... all of a sudden she's playin' Hamlet's mother...	MARGO	 (quiet menace) I'm sure you must have things to do in the bathroom, Birdie dear.	BIRDIE	 If I haven't, I'll find something till you're normal.	MARGO	 Dear Birdie. Won't you sit down, Miss Worthington?	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 I was telling Margo and Lloyd about how often you'd seen the play...	EVE	 (to Margo) No, thank you. (to Lloyd) Yes. I've seen every performance.	LLOYD	 (delighted) Every performance? Then - am I safe in assuming you like it?	EVE	 I'd like anything Miss Channing played...	All-About-Eve
EVE	 (to Margo) No, thank you. (to Lloyd) Yes. I've seen every performance.	LLOYD	 (delighted) Every performance? Then - am I safe in assuming you like it?	EVE	 I'd like anything Miss Channing played...	MARGO	 (beams) Would you, really? How sweet-	All-About-Eve
EVE	 I'd like anything Miss Channing played...	MARGO	 (beams) Would you, really? How sweet-	LLOYD	 (flatly) I doubt very much that you'd like her in 'The Hairy Ape'.	EVE	 Please, don't misunderstand me, Mr. Richards. I think that part of Miss Channing's greatness lies in her ability to choose the best plays... your new play is for Miss Channing, isn't it, Mr. Richards?	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 (beams) Would you, really? How sweet-	LLOYD	 (flatly) I doubt very much that you'd like her in 'The Hairy Ape'.	EVE	 Please, don't misunderstand me, Mr. Richards. I think that part of Miss Channing's greatness lies in her ability to choose the best plays... your new play is for Miss Channing, isn't it, Mr. Richards?	MARGO	 Of course it is.	All-About-Eve
EVE	 There was an item in the Times. i like the title. 'Footsteps on the Ceiling'.	LLOYD	 Let's get back to this one. Have you really seen every performance? (Eve nods) Why? I'm curious...	EVE	 Well. If I didn't come to see the play, I wouldn't have anywhere else to go.	MARGO	 There are other plays...	All-About-Eve
LLOYD	 Not at all...	EVE	 Farmers were poor in those days, that's what dad was - a farmer. I had to help out. So I quit school and I went to Milwaukee. I became a secretary. In a brewery. (she smiles) When you're a secretary in a brewery - it's pretty hard to make believe you're anything else. Everything is beer. It wasn't much fun, but it helped at home -  and there was a Little Theater Group... like a drop of rain in the desert. That's where I met Eddie. He was a radio technician. We played 'Liliom' for three performances, I was awful - then the war came, and we got married. Eddie was in the air force - and they sent him to the South Pacific. You were with the O.W.I., weren't you Mr. Richards? (Lloyd nods) That's what 'Who's Who' says... well, with Eddie gone, my life went back to beer. Except for a letter a week. One week Eddie wrote he had a leave coming up. I'd saved my money and vacation time. I went to San Francisco to meet him. (a slight pause) Eddie wasn't there. They forwarded the telegram from Milwaukee - the one that came from Washington to say that Eddie wasn't coming at all. That Eddie was dead... (Karen puts her hand on Lloyd's) ... so I figured I'd stay in San Francisco. i was alone, but couldn't go back without Eddie. I found a job. And his insurance helped... and there were theaters in San Francisco. And one night Margo Channing came to play in 'Remembrance'... and I went to see it. And - well - here I am...	BIRDIE	 (finally) What a story. Everything but the bloodhounds snappin' at her rear end...	MARGO	 There are some human experiences, Birdie, that do not take place in a vaudeville house - and that even a fifth-rate vaudevillian should understand and respect! (to Eve) I want to apologize for Birdie's-	All-About-Eve
EVE	 Farmers were poor in those days, that's what dad was - a farmer. I had to help out. So I quit school and I went to Milwaukee. I became a secretary. In a brewery. (she smiles) When you're a secretary in a brewery - it's pretty hard to make believe you're anything else. Everything is beer. It wasn't much fun, but it helped at home -  and there was a Little Theater Group... like a drop of rain in the desert. That's where I met Eddie. He was a radio technician. We played 'Liliom' for three performances, I was awful - then the war came, and we got married. Eddie was in the air force - and they sent him to the South Pacific. You were with the O.W.I., weren't you Mr. Richards? (Lloyd nods) That's what 'Who's Who' says... well, with Eddie gone, my life went back to beer. Except for a letter a week. One week Eddie wrote he had a leave coming up. I'd saved my money and vacation time. I went to San Francisco to meet him. (a slight pause) Eddie wasn't there. They forwarded the telegram from Milwaukee - the one that came from Washington to say that Eddie wasn't coming at all. That Eddie was dead... (Karen puts her hand on Lloyd's) ... so I figured I'd stay in San Francisco. i was alone, but couldn't go back without Eddie. I found a job. And his insurance helped... and there were theaters in San Francisco. And one night Margo Channing came to play in 'Remembrance'... and I went to see it. And - well - here I am...	BIRDIE	 (finally) What a story. Everything but the bloodhounds snappin' at her rear end...	MARGO	 There are some human experiences, Birdie, that do not take place in a vaudeville house - and that even a fifth-rate vaudevillian should understand and respect! (to Eve) I want to apologize for Birdie's-	BIRDIE	 (snaps in) You don't have to apologize for me! (to Eve) I'm sorry if I hurt your feelings. It's just my way of talkin'...	All-About-Eve
BIRDIE	 (finally) What a story. Everything but the bloodhounds snappin' at her rear end...	MARGO	 There are some human experiences, Birdie, that do not take place in a vaudeville house - and that even a fifth-rate vaudevillian should understand and respect! (to Eve) I want to apologize for Birdie's-	BIRDIE	 (snaps in) You don't have to apologize for me! (to Eve) I'm sorry if I hurt your feelings. It's just my way of talkin'...	EVE	 (nicely) You didn't hurt my feelings, Miss Coonan...	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 There are some human experiences, Birdie, that do not take place in a vaudeville house - and that even a fifth-rate vaudevillian should understand and respect! (to Eve) I want to apologize for Birdie's-	BIRDIE	 (snaps in) You don't have to apologize for me! (to Eve) I'm sorry if I hurt your feelings. It's just my way of talkin'...	EVE	 (nicely) You didn't hurt my feelings, Miss Coonan...	BIRDIE	 Call me Birdie. (to Margo) As for bein' fifth-rate - i closed the first half for eleven years an' you know it!	All-About-Eve
BIRDIE	 (snaps in) You don't have to apologize for me! (to Eve) I'm sorry if I hurt your feelings. It's just my way of talkin'...	EVE	 (nicely) You didn't hurt my feelings, Miss Coonan...	BIRDIE	 Call me Birdie. (to Margo) As for bein' fifth-rate - i closed the first half for eleven years an' you know it!	BILL	 Forty-five minutes from now my plane takes off and how do I find you? Not ready yet, looking like a junk yard-	All-About-Eve
EVE	 (nicely) You didn't hurt my feelings, Miss Coonan...	BIRDIE	 Call me Birdie. (to Margo) As for bein' fifth-rate - i closed the first half for eleven years an' you know it!	BILL	 Forty-five minutes from now my plane takes off and how do I find you? Not ready yet, looking like a junk yard-	MARGO	 Thank you so much.	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 Show me a human and I might have!	KAREN	 (conscious of Eve) Bill...	BILL	 The air lines have clocks, even if you haven't! I start shooting a week from Monday - Zanuck is impatient, he wants me, he needs me!	KAREN	 (louder) Bill-	All-About-Eve
BILL	 The air lines have clocks, even if you haven't! I start shooting a week from Monday - Zanuck is impatient, he wants me, he needs me!	KAREN	 (louder) Bill-	MARGO	 Zanuck, Zanuck, Zanuck! What are you two - lovers?	BILL	 (smiling) Only in some ways. You're prettier...	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 Zanuck, Zanuck, Zanuck! What are you two - lovers?	BILL	 (smiling) Only in some ways. You're prettier...	MARGO	 I'm a junk yard.	KAREN	 (yells) Bill!	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 I'm a junk yard.	KAREN	 (yells) Bill!	BILL	 (vaguely; to Karen) Huh?	KAREN	 This is Eve Harrington.	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 (yells) Bill!	BILL	 (vaguely; to Karen) Huh?	KAREN	 This is Eve Harrington.	BILL	 Hi. (to Margo) My wonderful junk yard. The mystery and dreams you find in a junk yard-	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 This is Eve Harrington.	BILL	 Hi. (to Margo) My wonderful junk yard. The mystery and dreams you find in a junk yard-	MARGO	 (kisses him) Heaven help me, I love a psychotic.	BILL	 Hello, what's your name?	All-About-Eve
BILL	 Hi. (to Margo) My wonderful junk yard. The mystery and dreams you find in a junk yard-	MARGO	 (kisses him) Heaven help me, I love a psychotic.	BILL	 Hello, what's your name?	EVE	 Eve. Eve Harrington.	All-About-Eve
BIRDIE	 Imagine. All this admiration in just one room.	BILL	 Take your mistress into the bathroom and dress her. (Birdie opens her mouth) Without comment.	KAREN	 You're not going, are you?	EVE	 I think I'd better. It's been - well, I can hardly find the words to say how it's been...	All-About-Eve
EVE	 I think I'd better. It's been - well, I can hardly find the words to say how it's been...	MARGO	 (rises) No, don't go...	EVE	 The four of you must have so much to say to each other - with Mr. Sampson leaving...	MARGO	 Stick around. Please. Tell you what - we'll put Stanislavsky on his plane, you and I, then go somewhere and talk.	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 Good luck, genius...	BILL	 Geniuses don't need good luck. (he grins) I do.	LLOYD	 I'm not worried about you.	BILL	 Keep the thought.	All-About-Eve
EVE	 You said forty-seven minutes. You'll never make it.	BILL	 (grins) I told you a lie. We'll make it easily. Margo's got no more conception of time than a halibut.	BILL	 She's been carrying that letter around for weeks. I've read it three times...	MARGO'S VOICE	 You're supposed to zip the zipper - not me.	All-About-Eve
BILL	 What a documentary those two would make... like the mongoose and the cobra-	EVE	 (finally) So you're going to Hollywood.	BILL	 Why?	EVE	 I just wondered.	All-About-Eve
EVE	 Then why? Why, if you're the best and most successful young director in the Theater-	BILL	 The Theatuh, the Theatuh- (he sits up) - what book of rules says the Theater exists only within some ugly buildings crowded into one square mile of New York City? Or London, Paris or Vienna? (he gets up) Listen, junior. And learn. Want to know what the Theater is? A flea circus. Also opera. Also rodeos, carnivals, ballets, Indian tribal dances, Punch and Judy, a one-man band - all Theater. Wherever there's magic and make-believe and an audience - there's Theater. Donald Duck, Ibsen, and The Lone Ranger, Sarah Bernhardt, Poodles Hanneford, Lunt and Fontanne, Betty Grable, Rex and Wild, and Eleanora Duse. You don't understand them all, you don't like them all, why should you? The Theater's for everybody - you included, but not exclusively - so don't approve or disapprove. It may not be your Theater, but it's Theater of somebody, somewhere.	EVE	 I just asked a simple question.	BILL	 (grins) And I shot my mouth off. Nothing personal, junior, no offense... (he sits back down) ... it's just that there's so much bushwah in this Ivory Green Room they call the Theatuh - sometimes it gets up around my chin...	All-About-Eve
EVE	 I just asked a simple question.	BILL	 (grins) And I shot my mouth off. Nothing personal, junior, no offense... (he sits back down) ... it's just that there's so much bushwah in this Ivory Green Room they call the Theatuh - sometimes it gets up around my chin...	EVE	 But Hollywood. You mustn't stay there.	BILL	 (he closes his eyes) It's only one picture deal.	All-About-Eve
EVE	 But Hollywood. You mustn't stay there.	BILL	 (he closes his eyes) It's only one picture deal.	EVE	 So few come back...	BILL	 Yeah. They keep you under drugs out there with armed guards...	All-About-Eve
BILL	 You didn't have to tell me.	MARGO	 (en route) I understand it's the latest thing - just one earring. If it isn't, it's going to be - I can't find the other...	BILL	 Throw that dreary thing away, it bores me-	EVE	 (concerned) Where do you suppose it could be?	All-About-Eve
BILL	 Throw that dreary thing away, it bores me-	EVE	 (concerned) Where do you suppose it could be?	BIRDIE	 It'll show up.	MARGO	 (gives up) Oh well... (to Birdie) ... look through the wigs, maybe it got caught-	All-About-Eve
BIRDIE	 It'll show up.	MARGO	 (gives up) Oh well... (to Birdie) ... look through the wigs, maybe it got caught-	BILL	 Real diamonds in a wig. The world we live in...	MARGO	 (she's been looking) Where's my coat?	All-About-Eve
BILL	 Real diamonds in a wig. The world we live in...	MARGO	 (she's been looking) Where's my coat?	BIRDIE	 Right where you left it...	BILL	 (to Margo) The seams.	All-About-Eve
BIRDIE	 Right where you left it...	BILL	 (to Margo) The seams.	MARGO	 (to Eve) Can't keep his eyes off my legs.	BILL	 Like a nylon lemon peel-	All-About-Eve
BILL	 (to Margo) The seams.	MARGO	 (to Eve) Can't keep his eyes off my legs.	BILL	 Like a nylon lemon peel-	MARGO	 (straightens up) Byron couldn't have said it more graciously... here we go-	All-About-Eve
BILL	 Like a nylon lemon peel-	MARGO	 (straightens up) Byron couldn't have said it more graciously... here we go-	BILL	 Got any messages? What do you want me to tell Tyrone Power?	BIRDIE	 Just give him my phone number, I'll tell him myself.	All-About-Eve
BIRDIE	 Kill the people. (to Margo) Got your key?	MARGO	 (nods) See you home...					All-About-Eve
BILL	 Ah...	EVE	 I have a suggestion. (they look at her) There's really not much time left - I mean, you haven't had a minute alone yet, and - well, I could take care of everything here and meet you at the gate with the ticket... if you'd like.	BILL	 I think we'd like very much. Sure you won't mind?	EVE	 Of course not.	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 Did she tell you about the Theater and what it meant?	BILL	 (grins) I told her. I sounded off.	MARGO	 All the religions in the world rolled into one, and we're Gods and Goddesses... isn't it silly, suddenly I've developed a big protective feeling for her - a lamb loose in our big stone jungle...	MARGO	 Take care of yourself out there...	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 I don't want to be childish, I'd settle for just a few years-	BILL	 (firmly) And cut that out right now.	MARGO	 Am I going to lose you, Bill? Am I?	BILL	 As of this moment you're six years old...	All-About-Eve
STAGE MANAGER	 One more?	MARGO	 (shakes her head) From now on it's not applause - just something to do till the aisles get less crowded...	MARGO	 What - again?	EVE	 I could watch you play that last scene a thousand times and cry every time-	All-About-Eve
EVE	 I could watch you play that last scene a thousand times and cry every time-	MARGO	 (grins) Performance number one thousand of this one - if I play it that long - will take place in a well-padded booby hatch...	EVE	 I must say you can certainly tell Mr. Sampson's been gone a month.	MARGO	 You certainly can. Especially if you're me between now and tomorrow morning...	All-About-Eve
EVE	 I mean the performance. Except for you, you'd think he'd never even directed it - it's disgraceful the way they change everything around...	MARGO	 (smiles) Well, teacher's away and actors will be actors...	EVE	 During your second act scene with your father, Roger Ferraday's supposed to stay way upstage at the arch. He's been coming closer down every night...	MARGO	 When he gets too close, I'll spit in his eye.	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 (entering) You bought the new girdles a size smaller. I can feel it.	BIRDIE	 Something maybe grew a size bigger.	MARGO	 When we get home you're going to get into one of those girdles and act for two and half hours.			All-About-Eve
EVE	 You haven't noticed my latest bit of interior decorating...	MARGO	 (turns, looks) Well, you've done so much... what's new?	EVE	 The curtains. I made them myself.	MARGO	 They are lovely. Aren't they lovely, Birdie?	All-About-Eve
BIRDIE	 But the wardrobe women have got one. And next to a tenor, a wardrobe woman is the touchiest thing in show business-	MARGO	 (catching on) Oh-oh.	BIRDIE	 She's got two things to do - carry clothes an' press 'em wrong - an' just let anybody else muscle in...			All-About-Eve
OPERATOR'S VOICE	 Go ahead, please...	BILL'S VOICE	 (a loud, happy squawk) Margo! What a wonderful surprise!	BILL	 (continuing) What a thoughtful, ever-lovin' thing to do-	MARGO	 (dazed) Bill? Have I gone crazy, Bill?	All-About-Eve
BILL'S VOICE	 (a loud, happy squawk) Margo! What a wonderful surprise!	BILL	 (continuing) What a thoughtful, ever-lovin' thing to do-	MARGO	 (dazed) Bill? Have I gone crazy, Bill?	BILL	 You're my girl, aren't you?	All-About-Eve
BILL	 (continuing) What a thoughtful, ever-lovin' thing to do-	MARGO	 (dazed) Bill? Have I gone crazy, Bill?	BILL	 You're my girl, aren't you?	MARGO	 That I am...	All-About-Eve
BILL	 Then you're crazy.	MARGO	 (nods in agreement) When - when are you coming back?	BILL	 I leave in a week - the picture's all wrapped up, we previewed last night... those previews. Like opening out of town, but terrifying. There's nothing you can do, you're trapped, you're in a tin can-	MARGO	 - in a tin can, cellophane or wrapped in a Navajo blanket, I want you home...	All-About-Eve
BILL	 Kid stuff or not, it doesn't happen every day, I want to heat it - and if you won't say it, you can sing it...	MARGO	 (convinced she's gone mad) Sing it?	BILL	 Sure! Like the Western Union boys used to do...	MARGO	 Bill... Bill, it's your birthday.	All-About-Eve
BILL	 And who remembered it? Who was there on the dot, at twelve midnight...?	MARGO	 (miserably) Happy birthday, darling...	BILL	 The reading could have been better, but you said it - now "many happy returns of the day..."	MARGO	 (the same) Many happy returns of the day...	All-About-Eve
BILL	 The reading could have been better, but you said it - now "many happy returns of the day..."	MARGO	 (the same) Many happy returns of the day...	BILL	 I get a party, don't I?	MARGO	 Of course, birthday and welcome home... who'll I ask?	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 Of course, birthday and welcome home... who'll I ask?	BILL	 (laughs) It's no secret, I know all about the party - Eve wrote me...	MARGO	 She did...?	BILL	 She hasn't missed a week since I left - but you know all that, you probably tell her what to write... anyway, I sent her a list of people to ask - check with her.	All-About-Eve
BILL	 I love you...	MARGO	 (mutters) I'll check with Eve...	BILL	 What?	MARGO	 I love you too. Good night, darling-	All-About-Eve
BIRDIE	 Like an agent with one client.	MARGO	 She thinks only for me... (no answer from Birdie) ... doesn't she?	BIRDIE	 (finally) Well... let's say she thinks only about you, anyway...	MARGO	 How do you mean that?	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 She thinks only for me... (no answer from Birdie) ... doesn't she?	BIRDIE	 (finally) Well... let's say she thinks only about you, anyway...	MARGO	 How do you mean that?	BIRDIE	 I'll tell you how. Like - let's see - like she was studyin' you, like you were a play or a book or a set of blueprints. How you walk, talk, think, eat, sleep-	All-About-Eve
BIRDIE	 I'll tell you how. Like - let's see - like she was studyin' you, like you were a play or a book or a set of blueprints. How you walk, talk, think, eat, sleep-	MARGO	 (breaks in; sharply) I'm sure that's very flattering, Birdie, and I'm sure there's nothing wrong with that!	EVE	 Good morning!	EVE	 Well - what do you think of my elegant new suit?	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 Very becoming. It looks better on you than it did on me.	EVE	 (scoffs) I can imagine... you know, all it needed was some taking in here and letting out there - are you sure you won't want it yourself?	MARGO	 Quite sure. I find it just a bit too - too "Seventeenish" for me...	EVE	 (laughs) Oh, come now, as though you were an old lady... I'm on my way. Is there anything more you've thought of-?	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 Quite sure. I find it just a bit too - too "Seventeenish" for me...	EVE	 (laughs) Oh, come now, as though you were an old lady... I'm on my way. Is there anything more you've thought of-?	MARGO	 There's the script to go back to the Guild-	EVE	 I've got it.	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 It seems I can't think of a thing you haven't thought of...	EVE	 (smile) That's my job. (she turns to go) See you at tea time...	MARGO	 Eve... (Eve turns at the door) ... by any chance, did you place a call from me to Bill for midnight California time?	EVE	 (gasps) Oh, golly. And I forgot to tell you-	All-About-Eve
EVE	 (smile) That's my job. (she turns to go) See you at tea time...	MARGO	 Eve... (Eve turns at the door) ... by any chance, did you place a call from me to Bill for midnight California time?	EVE	 (gasps) Oh, golly. And I forgot to tell you-	MARGO	 Yes, dear. You forgot all about it.	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 Eve... (Eve turns at the door) ... by any chance, did you place a call from me to Bill for midnight California time?	EVE	 (gasps) Oh, golly. And I forgot to tell you-	MARGO	 Yes, dear. You forgot all about it.	EVE	 Well, I was sure you'd want to, of course, being his birthday, and you've been so busy these past few days, and last night I meant to tell you before you went out with the Richards - and I guess I was asleep when you got home...	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 Yes, I guess you were. It - it was very thoughtful of you, Eve.	EVE	 Mr. Sampson's birthday. I certainly wouldn't forget that. You'd never forgive me. (she smiles shyly) As a matter of fact, I sent him a telegram myself...					All-About-Eve
KAREN'S VOICE	 It's always convenient at a party to know the hostess well enough to use her bedroom rather than go where all the others have to go...	KAREN	 Now who's show up at this hour? It's time people went home - hold that coat up... (Eve holds it up; Karen whistles) ... whose is it?	EVE	 Some Hollywood movie star, her plane got in late.	KAREN	 Discouraging, isn't it? Women with furs like that where it never gets cold...	All-About-Eve
EVE	 There should be a new word for happiness. Being here with Miss Channing has been - I just can't say, she's been so wonderful, done so much for me-	KAREN	 (smiles) Lloyd says Margo compensates for underplaying on the stage by overplaying reality... (she gets up, gets her coat) ... next to that sable, my new mink seems like an old bedjacket... (throws it over her shoulder) ... you've done your share, Eve. You've worked wonders with Margo...	EVE	 (hesitantly) Mrs. Richards.	KAREN	 (pauses, smiles) Karen.	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 (smiles) Lloyd says Margo compensates for underplaying on the stage by overplaying reality... (she gets up, gets her coat) ... next to that sable, my new mink seems like an old bedjacket... (throws it over her shoulder) ... you've done your share, Eve. You've worked wonders with Margo...	EVE	 (hesitantly) Mrs. Richards.	KAREN	 (pauses, smiles) Karen.	EVE	 Karen... (she picks at the coverlet) ... isn't it awful, I'm about to ask you for another favor - after all you've already done.	All-About-Eve
EVE	 (hesitantly) Mrs. Richards.	KAREN	 (pauses, smiles) Karen.	EVE	 Karen... (she picks at the coverlet) ... isn't it awful, I'm about to ask you for another favor - after all you've already done.	KAREN	 (crosses to her) Nobody's done so much, Eve, you've got to stop thinking of yourself as one of the Hundred Neediest Cases... what is it?	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 (pauses, smiles) Karen.	EVE	 Karen... (she picks at the coverlet) ... isn't it awful, I'm about to ask you for another favor - after all you've already done.	KAREN	 (crosses to her) Nobody's done so much, Eve, you've got to stop thinking of yourself as one of the Hundred Neediest Cases... what is it?	EVE	 Well... Miss Channing's affairs are in such good shape... there isn't enough to keep me as busy as I should be, really - not that I've ever considered anything that would take me away from her... but the other day - when I heard Mr. Fabian tell Miss Channing that her understudy was going to have a baby, and they'd have to replace her...	All-About-Eve
EVE	 Karen... (she picks at the coverlet) ... isn't it awful, I'm about to ask you for another favor - after all you've already done.	KAREN	 (crosses to her) Nobody's done so much, Eve, you've got to stop thinking of yourself as one of the Hundred Neediest Cases... what is it?	EVE	 Well... Miss Channing's affairs are in such good shape... there isn't enough to keep me as busy as I should be, really - not that I've ever considered anything that would take me away from her... but the other day - when I heard Mr. Fabian tell Miss Channing that her understudy was going to have a baby, and they'd have to replace her...	KAREN	 ... you want to be Margo's new understudy.	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 ... you want to be Margo's new understudy.	EVE	 I don't let myself think about it, even- (she looks up, rises as she speaks) - but I do know the part so well, and every bit of the staging, there'd be no need to break in a new girl- (suddenly afraid, she sits) - but suppose I had to go on one night? To an audience that came to see Margo Channing. No, I couldn't possibly...	KAREN	 (laughs) Don't worry too much about that. Margo just doesn't miss performances. If she can walk, crawl or roll - she plays.	EVE	 (nods proudly) The show must go on.	All-About-Eve
EVE	 I don't let myself think about it, even- (she looks up, rises as she speaks) - but I do know the part so well, and every bit of the staging, there'd be no need to break in a new girl- (suddenly afraid, she sits) - but suppose I had to go on one night? To an audience that came to see Margo Channing. No, I couldn't possibly...	KAREN	 (laughs) Don't worry too much about that. Margo just doesn't miss performances. If she can walk, crawl or roll - she plays.	EVE	 (nods proudly) The show must go on.	KAREN	 No, dear. Margo must go on. (she sits beside Eve) As a matter of fact, I see no reason why you shouldn't be Margo's understudy...	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 (laughs) Don't worry too much about that. Margo just doesn't miss performances. If she can walk, crawl or roll - she plays.	EVE	 (nods proudly) The show must go on.	KAREN	 No, dear. Margo must go on. (she sits beside Eve) As a matter of fact, I see no reason why you shouldn't be Margo's understudy...	EVE	 Do you think Miss Channing would approve?	All-About-Eve
EVE	 (nods proudly) The show must go on.	KAREN	 No, dear. Margo must go on. (she sits beside Eve) As a matter of fact, I see no reason why you shouldn't be Margo's understudy...	EVE	 Do you think Miss Channing would approve?	KAREN	 I think she would cheer.	All-About-Eve
BIRDIE	 The bed looks like a dead animal act. Which one is sables?	KAREN	 (pointing) But she just got here...	BIRDIE	 She's on her way. With half the men in the joint. (she hold up the coat) It's only a fur coat...	KAREN	 What did you expect - live sables?	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 (pointing) But she just got here...	BIRDIE	 She's on her way. With half the men in the joint. (she hold up the coat) It's only a fur coat...	KAREN	 What did you expect - live sables?	BIRDIE	 A diamond collar, gold sleeves - you know, picture people...	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 Every now and then, some elder statesman of the Theater or cinema assures the public that actors and actresses are just plain folk. Ignoring the fact that their greatest attraction to the public is their complete lack of resemblance to normal human beings.	MISS CASWELL	 (as Birdie and the sables pass) Now there's something a girl could make sacrifices for.	BILL'S VOICE	 And probably has.	MISS CASWELL	 Sable.	All-About-Eve
MISS CASWELL	 Sable.	MAX	 (to Miss Caswell) Did you say sable - or Gable?	MISS CASWELL	 Either one.	ADDISON	 It is senseless to insist that theatrical folk in New York, Hollywood and London are no different from the good people of Des Moines, Chillicothe and Liverpool. By and large, we are concentrated gatherings of neurotics, egomaniacs, emotional misfits, and precocious children-	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 It is senseless to insist that theatrical folk in New York, Hollywood and London are no different from the good people of Des Moines, Chillicothe and Liverpool. By and large, we are concentrated gatherings of neurotics, egomaniacs, emotional misfits, and precocious children-	MAX	 (to Bill) Gable. Why a feller like that don't come East to do a play...	BILL	 (nods) He must be miserable, the life he lives out there-	ADDISON	 These so-called abnormalities - they're our stock in trade, they make us actors, writers, directors, et cetera in the first place-	All-About-Eve
MAX	 (to Bill) Gable. Why a feller like that don't come East to do a play...	BILL	 (nods) He must be miserable, the life he lives out there-	ADDISON	 These so-called abnormalities - they're our stock in trade, they make us actors, writers, directors, et cetera in the first place-	MAX	 Answer me this. What makes a man become a producer?	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 We all have abnormality in common. We are a breed apart from the rest of the humanity, we Theater folk. We are the original displaced personalities...	BILL	 (laughs; to Eve) You don't have to read his column tomorrow - you just heard it. I don't agree, Addison...	ADDISON	 That happens to be your particular abnormality.	BILL	 Oh, I admit there's a screwball element in the Theater. It sticks out, it's got spotlights on it and a brass band. But it isn't basic, it isn't standard - if it were, the Theater couldn't survive...	All-About-Eve
BILL	 Oh, I admit there's a screwball element in the Theater. It sticks out, it's got spotlights on it and a brass band. But it isn't basic, it isn't standard - if it were, the Theater couldn't survive...	MISS CASWELL	 (to a passing butler) Oh, waiter...	ADDISON	 That isn't a waiter, my dear. That's a butler.	MISS CASWELL	 Well, I can't yell "Oh, butler," can I? Maybe somebody's name is Butler...	All-About-Eve
MISS CASWELL	 I don't want to make trouble. All I want is a drink.	MAX	 (getting up) Leave me get you one...	MISS CASWELL	 (pitching) Oh, thank you, Mr. Fabian.	ADDISON	 Well done. I see your career rising in the East like the sun... (to Bill) ... you were saying?	All-About-Eve
MAX	 (getting up) Leave me get you one...	MISS CASWELL	 (pitching) Oh, thank you, Mr. Fabian.	ADDISON	 Well done. I see your career rising in the East like the sun... (to Bill) ... you were saying?	BILL	 I was saying that the Theater is nine-tenths hard work. Work done the hard way - by sweat, application and craftsmanship. I'll agree to this - that to be a good actor, actress, or anything else in the Theater, means wanting to be that more than anything else in the world...	All-About-Eve
MISS CASWELL	 (pitching) Oh, thank you, Mr. Fabian.	ADDISON	 Well done. I see your career rising in the East like the sun... (to Bill) ... you were saying?	BILL	 I was saying that the Theater is nine-tenths hard work. Work done the hard way - by sweat, application and craftsmanship. I'll agree to this - that to be a good actor, actress, or anything else in the Theater, means wanting to be that more than anything else in the world...	EVE	 (abruptly) Yes. Yes, it does.	All-About-Eve
BILL	 I was saying that the Theater is nine-tenths hard work. Work done the hard way - by sweat, application and craftsmanship. I'll agree to this - that to be a good actor, actress, or anything else in the Theater, means wanting to be that more than anything else in the world...	EVE	 (abruptly) Yes. Yes, it does.	BILL	 (goes on) It means concentration of ambition, desire, and sacrifice such as no other profession demands... And I'll agree that the man or woman who accepts those terms can't be ordinary, can't be - just someone. To give so much for almost always so little...	EVE	 So little. So little, did you say? Why, if there's nothing else - there's applause. It's like - like waves of love coming over the footlights and wrapping you up. Imagine... To know, every night, that different hundreds of people love you... they smile, their eyes shine - you've pleased them, they want you, you belong. Just that alone is worth anything...	All-About-Eve
EVE	 (abruptly) Yes. Yes, it does.	BILL	 (goes on) It means concentration of ambition, desire, and sacrifice such as no other profession demands... And I'll agree that the man or woman who accepts those terms can't be ordinary, can't be - just someone. To give so much for almost always so little...	EVE	 So little. So little, did you say? Why, if there's nothing else - there's applause. It's like - like waves of love coming over the footlights and wrapping you up. Imagine... To know, every night, that different hundreds of people love you... they smile, their eyes shine - you've pleased them, they want you, you belong. Just that alone is worth anything...	MARGO	 Don't get up. And please stop acting as if I were the queen mother.	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 Don't get up. And please stop acting as if I were the queen mother.	EVE	 (hurt) I'm sorry, I didn't mean to-	BILL	 (sharply) Outside of a beehive, Margo, your behavior would hardly be considered either queenly or motherly!	MARGO	 You're in a beehive, pal, didn't you know? We're all busy little bees, full of stings, making honey day and night- (to Eve) - aren't we, honey?	All-About-Eve
EVE	 (hurt) I'm sorry, I didn't mean to-	BILL	 (sharply) Outside of a beehive, Margo, your behavior would hardly be considered either queenly or motherly!	MARGO	 You're in a beehive, pal, didn't you know? We're all busy little bees, full of stings, making honey day and night- (to Eve) - aren't we, honey?	KAREN	 Margo, really...	All-About-Eve
BILL	 (sharply) Outside of a beehive, Margo, your behavior would hardly be considered either queenly or motherly!	MARGO	 You're in a beehive, pal, didn't you know? We're all busy little bees, full of stings, making honey day and night- (to Eve) - aren't we, honey?	KAREN	 Margo, really...	MARGO	 Please don't play governess, Karen, I haven't your unyielding good taste, I wish I'd gone to Radcliffe too but father wouldn't hear of it - he needed help at the notions counter... (to Addison) I'm being rude now, aren't I? OR should I say "ain't I"?	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 Margo, really...	MARGO	 Please don't play governess, Karen, I haven't your unyielding good taste, I wish I'd gone to Radcliffe too but father wouldn't hear of it - he needed help at the notions counter... (to Addison) I'm being rude now, aren't I? OR should I say "ain't I"?	ADDISON	 You're maudlin and full of self pity. You're magnificent.	LLOYD	 How about calling it a night?	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 It's about time we did! It's about time Margo realized that what's attractive on stage need not necessarily be attractive off.	MARGO	 (suddenly) All right! I'm going to bed. (to Bill) You be the host. It's your party. Happy Birthday, welcome home, and we-who-are-about-to-die-salute-you.	BILL	 Need any help?	MARGO	 (pauses, smiles) To put me to bed? Take my clothes off, hold my head, tuck me in, turn off the lights, tiptoe out...? eve would. Wouldn't you, Eve?	All-About-Eve
BILL	 Need any help?	MARGO	 (pauses, smiles) To put me to bed? Take my clothes off, hold my head, tuck me in, turn off the lights, tiptoe out...? eve would. Wouldn't you, Eve?	EVE	 If you'd like.	MARGO	 I wouldn't like.	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 Eve. I'm fond of Margo too. But I know Margo. And every now and then there is nothing I want to do so much as to kick her right square in the pants.	EVE	 (smiles) Well - if she's got to pick on someone, I'd just as soon it was me.	LLOYD	 Max is going to drop us...	ADDISON	 I've often wondered, Max, why you bother with a chauffeur and limousine in New York City.	All-About-Eve
MISS CASWELL	 Let's go sit by the piano.	ADDISON	 You have me confused with Dan Dailey. You go sit by the piano. (to Eve) And you come sit by me. (to the others) Good night.	EVE	 Karen... (Karen pauses) ... you won't forget, will you? What we talked about before?	KAREN	 (smiles) No, Eve, I won't forget...	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 You have me confused with Dan Dailey. You go sit by the piano. (to Eve) And you come sit by me. (to the others) Good night.	EVE	 Karen... (Karen pauses) ... you won't forget, will you? What we talked about before?	KAREN	 (smiles) No, Eve, I won't forget...			All-About-Eve
EVE	 Karen... (Karen pauses) ... you won't forget, will you? What we talked about before?	KAREN	 (smiles) No, Eve, I won't forget...					All-About-Eve
BIRDIE	 You all put together?	MARGO	 My back's open. (Birdie goes to work on it) Did the extra help get here?	BIRDIE	 There's some loose characters dressed like maids and butlers. Who'd you call - the William Morris Agency?	MARGO	 You're not being funny, I could get actors for less. What about the food?	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 You're not being funny, I could get actors for less. What about the food?	BIRDIE	 The caterer had to back for hors d'oeuvres- (she zips Margo) Voila.	MARGO	 (laughs) That French ventriloquist taught you a lot, didn't he?	BIRDIE	 There was nothing he didn't know. (she starts tidying the room) There's a message from the bartender. Does Miss Channing know we ordered domestic gin by mistake?	All-About-Eve
BIRDIE	 The caterer had to back for hors d'oeuvres- (she zips Margo) Voila.	MARGO	 (laughs) That French ventriloquist taught you a lot, didn't he?	BIRDIE	 There was nothing he didn't know. (she starts tidying the room) There's a message from the bartender. Does Miss Channing know we ordered domestic gin by mistake?	MARGO	 The only thing I ordered by mistake is the guests. (Birdie cackles) They're domestic, too, and they don't care what they drink as long as it burns... where's Bill? He's late.	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 (laughs) That French ventriloquist taught you a lot, didn't he?	BIRDIE	 There was nothing he didn't know. (she starts tidying the room) There's a message from the bartender. Does Miss Channing know we ordered domestic gin by mistake?	MARGO	 The only thing I ordered by mistake is the guests. (Birdie cackles) They're domestic, too, and they don't care what they drink as long as it burns... where's Bill? He's late.	BIRDIE	 Late for what?	All-About-Eve
BIRDIE	 There was nothing he didn't know. (she starts tidying the room) There's a message from the bartender. Does Miss Channing know we ordered domestic gin by mistake?	MARGO	 The only thing I ordered by mistake is the guests. (Birdie cackles) They're domestic, too, and they don't care what they drink as long as it burns... where's Bill? He's late.	BIRDIE	 Late for what?	MARGO	 Don't be dense. The party.	All-About-Eve
BILL	 You've heard it. About when I looked through the wrong end of a camera finder.	MARGO	 (to Eve) Remind me to tell you about when I looked into the heart of an artichoke.	EVE	 I'd like to hear it.	MARGO	 Some snowy night in front of the fire... in the meantime, while we're on the subject, will you check about the hors d'oeuvres? The caterer forgot them, the varnish wasn't dry or something...	All-About-Eve
BILL	 So she seems.	MARGO	 (the steel begins to flash) So you've pointed out, so often. So many qualities, so often. Her loyalty, efficiency, devotion, warmth, affection - and so young. So young and so fair...	BILL	 I can't believe you're making this up - it sounds like something out of an old Clyde Fitch play...	MARGO	 Clyde Fitch, thought you may not think so, was well before my time!	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 Clyde Fitch, thought you may not think so, was well before my time!	BILL	 (laughs) I've always denied the legend that you were in 'Our American Cousin' the night Lincoln was shot...	MARGO	 I don't think that's funny!	BILL	 Of course it's funny - this is all too laughable to be anything else. You know what I think about this - this age obsession of yours - and now this ridiculous attempt to whip yourself up into a jealous froth because I spent ten minutes with a stage-struck kid-	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 Cut! Print it! What happens in the next reel? Do I get dragged off screaming to the snake pit?	EVE'S VOICE	 (quietly) Miss Channing?	EVE	 The hors d'oeuvres are here. Is there anything else I can do?	MARGO	 Thank you, Eve. I'd like a Martini - very dry.	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 Thank you, Eve. I'd like a Martini - very dry.	BILL	 I'll get it. (he crosses to Eve) What'll you have?	MARGO	 A milkshake?	EVE	 A Martini. Very dry, please...	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 This is the most ghoulish conversation...	MARGO	 (it drips ice) Thank you.	BILL	 Nothing, really...	MARGO	 The kid - junior, that is - will be right down. Unless you'd like to take her drink up to her...	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 The kid - junior, that is - will be right down. Unless you'd like to take her drink up to her...	BILL	 (smiles) I can always get a fresh one. Karen - you're a Gibson girl...	LLOYD	 The general atmosphere is very Macbethish. What has or is about to happen?	MARGO	 (to Bill) What is he talking about?	All-About-Eve
LLOYD	 The general atmosphere is very Macbethish. What has or is about to happen?	MARGO	 (to Bill) What is he talking about?	BILL	 Macbeth.	KAREN	 (to Margo) We know you, we've seen you before like this. Is it over - or just beginning?	All-About-Eve
BILL	 Macbeth.	KAREN	 (to Margo) We know you, we've seen you before like this. Is it over - or just beginning?	MARGO	 Fasten your seat belts. It's going to be a bumpy night.	WOMAN #1	 Margo, darling!	All-About-Eve
WOMAN #2	 Darling!	MARGO	 (passing) Darlings...	MARGO	 (to Addison) I distinctly remember striking your name from the guest list. What are you doing here?	ADDISON	 Dear Margo. You were an unforgettable Peter Pan - you must play it again, soon. You remember Miss Caswell?	All-About-Eve
MISS CASWELL	 We never met. That's why.	ADDISON	 Miss Caswell is an actress. A graduate of Copacabana School of Dramatic Arts. (his glance is attracted by Eve coming downstairs) Ah... Eve.	EVE	 (deferentially) Good evening, Mr. deWitt.	MARGO	 I had no idea you knew each other.	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 Miss Caswell is an actress. A graduate of Copacabana School of Dramatic Arts. (his glance is attracted by Eve coming downstairs) Ah... Eve.	EVE	 (deferentially) Good evening, Mr. deWitt.	MARGO	 I had no idea you knew each other.	ADDISON	 This must be, at long last, our formal introduction. Until now we have met only in passing...	All-About-Eve
MISS CASWELL	 That's how you met me. In passing.	MARGO	 (smiles) Eve, this is an old friend of Mr. deWitt's mother - Miss Caswell, Miss Harrington... (the two girls say hello) Addison, I've been wanting you to meet Eve for the longest time-	ADDISON	 (murmurs) It could only have been your natural timidity that kept you from mentioning it...	MARGO	 You've heard of her great interest in the Theater-	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 (smiles) Eve, this is an old friend of Mr. deWitt's mother - Miss Caswell, Miss Harrington... (the two girls say hello) Addison, I've been wanting you to meet Eve for the longest time-	ADDISON	 (murmurs) It could only have been your natural timidity that kept you from mentioning it...	MARGO	 You've heard of her great interest in the Theater-	ADDISON	 We have that in common.	All-About-Eve
MISS CASWELL	 You won't bore him, honey. You won't even get to talk.	ADDISON	 (icily) Claudia dear, come closer. (she does, and he points) This is Max Fabian. He is a producer. Go do yourself some good.	MISS CASWELL	 (sighs) Why do they always look like unhappy rabbits?	ADDISON	 Because that is what they are. Go make him happy.	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 (icily) Claudia dear, come closer. (she does, and he points) This is Max Fabian. He is a producer. Go do yourself some good.	MISS CASWELL	 (sighs) Why do they always look like unhappy rabbits?	ADDISON	 Because that is what they are. Go make him happy.	ADDISON	 (to Margo) You mustn't worry about your little charge. She is in safe hands.	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 (quietly) "Liebestraum."	PIANIST	 I just played it.	MARGO	 Play it again.			All-About-Eve
MARGO	 My dear Horowitz. In the first place, I'm paying you union scale. Second, it's my piano. Third, if everybody doesn't like kind of dying on the vine, they can get off the vine and go home. "Liebestraum."	BILL	 (whispers) Many of your guests have been wondering when they may be permitted to view the body. Where has it been laid out?	MARGO	 (somberly) It hasn't been laid out, we haven't finished with the embalming. As a matter of fact, you're looking at it. The remains of Margo Channing. Sitting up. It is my last wish to be buried sitting up.	BILL	 (trying to kid her out of it) Wouldn't you feel more natural taking a bow?	All-About-Eve
BILL	 (whispers) Many of your guests have been wondering when they may be permitted to view the body. Where has it been laid out?	MARGO	 (somberly) It hasn't been laid out, we haven't finished with the embalming. As a matter of fact, you're looking at it. The remains of Margo Channing. Sitting up. It is my last wish to be buried sitting up.	BILL	 (trying to kid her out of it) Wouldn't you feel more natural taking a bow?	MARGO	 You know nothing about feelings, natural or unnatural.	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 (somberly) It hasn't been laid out, we haven't finished with the embalming. As a matter of fact, you're looking at it. The remains of Margo Channing. Sitting up. It is my last wish to be buried sitting up.	BILL	 (trying to kid her out of it) Wouldn't you feel more natural taking a bow?	MARGO	 You know nothing about feelings, natural or unnatural.	BILL	 Then without feeling, your guests were also wondering whether the music couldn't be a shade more on the - shall we say, happier side?	All-About-Eve
MAX	 Margo. You by any chance got bicarbonate of soda in the house?	MARGO	 (sympathetic) Poor Max. Heartburn? (Max nods) It's that Miss Caswell. I don't know why she doesn't give Addison heartburn.	BILL	 No heart to burn.	MARGO	 Everybody has a heart - except some people. (she finishes her drink, stands up) Of course I've got bicarb. There's a box in the pantry. We'll put your name on it. Max Fabian. It'll say there. Always. Just for you.	All-About-Eve
BILL	 No heart to burn.	MARGO	 Everybody has a heart - except some people. (she finishes her drink, stands up) Of course I've got bicarb. There's a box in the pantry. We'll put your name on it. Max Fabian. It'll say there. Always. Just for you.	MAX	 (touched) Let the rest of the world beat their brains out for a buck. It's friends that count. And I got friends.	MARGO	 I love you, Max. I really mean it. I love you. Come to the pantry.	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 Everybody has a heart - except some people. (she finishes her drink, stands up) Of course I've got bicarb. There's a box in the pantry. We'll put your name on it. Max Fabian. It'll say there. Always. Just for you.	MAX	 (touched) Let the rest of the world beat their brains out for a buck. It's friends that count. And I got friends.	MARGO	 I love you, Max. I really mean it. I love you. Come to the pantry.	MAX	 She loves me like a father. Also, she's loaded.	All-About-Eve
MAX	 The situation I'm in ain't the kind you can belch your way out. I made a promise...	MARGO	 Miss Caswell? (Max nods) What?	MAX	 An audition for the part we're replacing. What's-her-name, your sister...	MARGO	 Well, if she can act, she might not be bad. She looks like she might burn down a plantation...	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 Well, if she can act, she might not be bad. She looks like she might burn down a plantation...	MAX	 (mixing) I feel right now like there's one burning in me.	MARGO	 When's the audition?	MAX	 A couple of weeks.	All-About-Eve
MAX	 I promise.	MARGO	 (happily) That's my Max.	LLOYD	 There you are, both of you. Max, Karen has decided it's time to go.	MARGO	 Where is she?	All-About-Eve
LLOYD	 Up in the room.	MAX	 If you'll excuse me- (to Margo) I'll tell Miss Caswell...	MARGO	 Who's left out there?	LLOYD	 Too many. And you've got a new guest. A movie star from Hollywood.	All-About-Eve
LLOYD	 I know what I'm talking about, after all they're my plays...	MARGO	 Spoken like an author. (abruptly) Lloyd, I'm not twentyish. I am not thirtyish. Three months ago, I was forty years old. Forty. Four oh. (smiles) That slipped out, I hadn't quite made up my mind to admit it. Now I feel as if I'd suddenly taken all my clothes off...	LLOYD	 Week after week, to thousands of people, you're as young as you want...	MARGO	 ... as young as they want, you mean. And I'm not interested in whether thousands of people think I'm six or six hundred-	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 ... as young as they want, you mean. And I'm not interested in whether thousands of people think I'm six or six hundred-	LLOYD	 Just one person. Isn't that so? (Margo doesn't answer) You know what this is all about, don't you? It has very little to do with whether you should play "Cora" - it has everything to do with the fact that you've had another fight with Bill.	MARGO	 Bill's thirty-two. He looks thirty two. He looked it five years ago, he'll look it twenty years from now. I hate men. (she puts the box down) Don't worry, Lloyd. I'll play your play. I'll wear rompers and come in rolling a hoop if you like... let's go say good night.	EVE	 (in the b.g.) Imagine... to know, every night, that different hundreds of people love you... They smile, their eyes shine - you've pleased them, they want you, you belong. Anything's worth that.	All-About-Eve
LLOYD	 Just one person. Isn't that so? (Margo doesn't answer) You know what this is all about, don't you? It has very little to do with whether you should play "Cora" - it has everything to do with the fact that you've had another fight with Bill.	MARGO	 Bill's thirty-two. He looks thirty two. He looked it five years ago, he'll look it twenty years from now. I hate men. (she puts the box down) Don't worry, Lloyd. I'll play your play. I'll wear rompers and come in rolling a hoop if you like... let's go say good night.	EVE	 (in the b.g.) Imagine... to know, every night, that different hundreds of people love you... They smile, their eyes shine - you've pleased them, they want you, you belong. Anything's worth that.	MARGO	 Don't get up. And please stop acting as if I were the queen mother.	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 Bill's thirty-two. He looks thirty two. He looked it five years ago, he'll look it twenty years from now. I hate men. (she puts the box down) Don't worry, Lloyd. I'll play your play. I'll wear rompers and come in rolling a hoop if you like... let's go say good night.	EVE	 (in the b.g.) Imagine... to know, every night, that different hundreds of people love you... They smile, their eyes shine - you've pleased them, they want you, you belong. Anything's worth that.	MARGO	 Don't get up. And please stop acting as if I were the queen mother.			All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 Miss Caswell got lucky too late. The audition is over.	MARGO	 (stops) Over? It can't be. I've come to read with her. I promised Max.	ADDISON	 The audition was called for 2:30. It is now nearly four.	MARGO	 (lightly) Is it really? I must start wearing a watch, I never do, you know... who read with Miss Caswell? Bill? (he shakes his head) Lloyd? (he shakes his head) Well, it couldn't have been Max! Who?	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 The audition was called for 2:30. It is now nearly four.	MARGO	 (lightly) Is it really? I must start wearing a watch, I never do, you know... who read with Miss Caswell? Bill? (he shakes his head) Lloyd? (he shakes his head) Well, it couldn't have been Max! Who?	ADDISON	 Naturally enough, your understudy.	MARGO	 I consider it highly unnatural to allow a girl in an advanced state of pregnancy-	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 Eve! My understudy...	ADDISON	 (keenly) Didn't you know?	MARGO	 (quickly) Of course I knew.	ADDISON	 It just slipped your mind.	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 (keenly) Didn't you know?	MARGO	 (quickly) Of course I knew.	ADDISON	 It just slipped your mind.	MARGO	 How... how was Miss Caswell?	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 Margo, as you know, i have lived in the Theater as a Trappist monk lives in his faith. I have no other world, no other life - and once in a great while I experience that moment of Revelation for which all true believers wait and pray. You were one. Jeanne Eagels another... Paula Wessely... Hayes - there are others, three or four. Eve Harrington will be among them...	MARGO	 (flatly) I take it she read well.	ADDISON	 It wasn't reading, it was a performance. Brilliant, vivid, something made of music and fire...	MARGO	 How nice.	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 (cheerily) Terribly sorry I'm late, lunch was long and I couldn't find a cab - where's Miss Caswell, shall we start? Oh, hello, Eve...	EVE	 Hello, Miss Channing.	MARGO	 How are you making out in Mr. Fabian's office? (over the footlights to Max) I don't want you working the child too hard, Max - just because you promised. As you see, I kept my promise, too...			All-About-Eve
EVE	 Hello, Miss Channing.	MARGO	 How are you making out in Mr. Fabian's office? (over the footlights to Max) I don't want you working the child too hard, Max - just because you promised. As you see, I kept my promise, too...	BILL	 It's all over.	MARGO	 What's all over?	All-About-Eve
BILL	 The audition.	MARGO	 (pleased astonishment) Eve? (she turns to her) How enchanting... (to Lloyd and Bill) Wherever did you get the idea of having Eve read with Miss Caswell?	LLOYD	 She's your understudy.	MARGO	 Eve? Eve, my understudy? But I had no idea...	All-About-Eve
LLOYD	 I thought you knew... She was put on over a week ago-	MARGO	 It seems almost inconceivable that I haven't seen her backstage, but with so many people loitering around... well, well. So Eve is not working for Max after all- (out to Max again) - Max you sly puss.	EVE	 Miss Channing, I can't tell you how glad I am that you arrived so late.	MARGO	 Really, Eve? Why?	All-About-Eve
EVE	 ... and if you'd come in the middle, I'd have stopped, I couldn't have gone on-	MARGO	 (murmurs) What a pity, all that fire and music being turned off...	BILL	 What fire and music?	MARGO	 You wouldn't understand. (to Lloyd) How was Miss Caswell?	All-About-Eve
BILL	 What fire and music?	MARGO	 You wouldn't understand. (to Lloyd) How was Miss Caswell?	LLOYD	 Back to Copacabana. But Eve. Margo, let me tell you about Eve-	EVE	 (breaking in) I was dreadful, Miss Channing, believe me - I have no right to be anyone's understudy, much less yours...	All-About-Eve
LLOYD	 Back to Copacabana. But Eve. Margo, let me tell you about Eve-	EVE	 (breaking in) I was dreadful, Miss Channing, believe me - I have no right to be anyone's understudy, much less yours...	MARGO	 I'm sure you underestimate yourself, Eve. You always do. (to Lloyd) You were about to tell me about Eve...	LLOYD	 You'd have been proud of her.	All-About-Eve
EVE	 (breaking in) I was dreadful, Miss Channing, believe me - I have no right to be anyone's understudy, much less yours...	MARGO	 I'm sure you underestimate yourself, Eve. You always do. (to Lloyd) You were about to tell me about Eve...	LLOYD	 You'd have been proud of her.	MARGO	 I'm sure.	All-About-Eve
LLOYD	 What do you mean?	MARGO	 (the ice begins to form) I mean, among other things, that it must have been a revelation to have your twenty-four-year-old character played by twenty-four-year-old actress...	LLOYD	 That's beside the point.	MARGO	 It's right to the point. Also that it must have sounded so new and fresh to you - so exciting to have the lines read as you wrote them!	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 Then you listened as if someone else had written you play - whom did you have in mind? Sherwood? Arthur Miller? Beaumont and Fletcher?	MAX	 (from below) May I say a word?	LLOYD	 No! (to Margo) What makes you think that either Miller or Sherwood would stand for the nonsense I take from you - you'd better stick to Beaumont and Fletcher! They've been dead for three hundred years!	MARGO	 And they're getting better performances today than they ever got! All playwrights should be dead for three hundred years!	All-About-Eve
MAX	 (from below) May I say a word?	LLOYD	 No! (to Margo) What makes you think that either Miller or Sherwood would stand for the nonsense I take from you - you'd better stick to Beaumont and Fletcher! They've been dead for three hundred years!	MARGO	 And they're getting better performances today than they ever got! All playwrights should be dead for three hundred years!	LLOYD	 That would solve none of their problems - because actresses never die! The stars never die and never change!	All-About-Eve
MAX	 This is for lawyers to talk about, this concerns a run-of-the-play contract, and this you can't rewrite or ad lib!	MARGO	 (from the stage) Are you threatening me with legal action, Mr. Fabian?	MAX	 Are you breaking the contract?	MARGO	 Answer my question!	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 I didn't hear you.	MAX	 (yelling) I said I'm a dying man!	MARGO	 Not until the last drugstore has sold its last pill!	LLOYD	 (from the top of the aisle) I shall never understand the weird process by which a body with a voice suddenly fancies itself a mind! Just when exactly does an actress decide they're her words she's saying and her thoughts she's expressing?	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 Not until the last drugstore has sold its last pill!	LLOYD	 (from the top of the aisle) I shall never understand the weird process by which a body with a voice suddenly fancies itself a mind! Just when exactly does an actress decide they're her words she's saying and her thoughts she's expressing?	MARGO	 Usually at the point when she's got to rewrite and rethink them to keep the audience from leaving the theater!	LLOYD	 It's about time the piano realized it has not written the concerto!	All-About-Eve
LLOYD	 It's about time the piano realized it has not written the concerto!	MARGO	 (quiet menace) And you, I take it, are the Paderewski who plays his concerto on me, the piano? (Bill waves his cigarette; he's noncommittal) Where is Princess Fire-and-Music?	BILL	 Who?	MARGO	 The kid. Junior.	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 The kid. Junior.	BILL	 (looks lazily) Gone.	MARGO	 I must have frightened her away.	BILL	 I wouldn't be surprised. Sometimes you frighten me.	All-About-Eve
BILL	 I wouldn't be surprised. Sometimes you frighten me.	MARGO	 (paces up and down) Poor little flower. Just dropped her petals and folded her tent...	BILL	 Don't mix your metaphors.	MARGO	 I mix what I like.	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 Such nonsense, what do you all take me for - little Nell from the country? Been my understudy for over a week without my knowing, carefully hidden no doubt-	BILL	 (sits up) Now don't get carried away-	MARGO	 (going right on) - shows up for an audition when everyone knew I'd be here... and gives a performance! Out of nowhere - gives a performance!	BILL	 You've been all through that with Lloyd-	All-About-Eve
BILL	 (sits up) Now don't get carried away-	MARGO	 (going right on) - shows up for an audition when everyone knew I'd be here... and gives a performance! Out of nowhere - gives a performance!	BILL	 You've been all through that with Lloyd-	MARGO	 The playwright doesn't make the performance - and it doesn't just happen! And this one didn't - full of fire and music and whatnot, it was carefully rehearsed I have no doubt, over and over, full of those Bill Sampson touches!	All-About-Eve
BILL	 No, I'll tell it to you! For the last time, I'll tell it to you. Because you've got to stop hurting yourself, and me, and the two of us by these paranoiac tantrums!	MARGO	 (struggling) That word again! I don't even know what it means...	BILL	 (firmly) It's time you found out. I love you. (Margo says "Ha!") I love you. You're a beautiful and intelligent woman- (Margo says "A body with a voice") - a beautiful and intelligent woman and a great actress- (he waits; Margo says nothing) - at the peak of her career. You have every reason for happiness- (Margo says "Except happiness") - every reason, but due to some strange, uncontrollable, unconscious drive you permit the slightest action of a kid- (Margo sneers "Kid!") - kid like Eve to turn you into a hysterical, screaming harpy! Now once and for all, stop it!	MARGO	 It's obvious you're not a woman.	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 (struggling) That word again! I don't even know what it means...	BILL	 (firmly) It's time you found out. I love you. (Margo says "Ha!") I love you. You're a beautiful and intelligent woman- (Margo says "A body with a voice") - a beautiful and intelligent woman and a great actress- (he waits; Margo says nothing) - at the peak of her career. You have every reason for happiness- (Margo says "Except happiness") - every reason, but due to some strange, uncontrollable, unconscious drive you permit the slightest action of a kid- (Margo sneers "Kid!") - kid like Eve to turn you into a hysterical, screaming harpy! Now once and for all, stop it!	MARGO	 It's obvious you're not a woman.	BILL	 I've been aware of that for some time.	All-About-Eve
BILL	 Come on, get up. I'll buy you a drink.	MARGO	 (with dignity) I admit I may have seen better days, but I am still not to be had for the price of a cocktail - like a salted peanut.	BILL	 (laughs) Margo, let's make peace.	MARGO	 The terms are too high. Unconditional surrender.	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 (with dignity) I admit I may have seen better days, but I am still not to be had for the price of a cocktail - like a salted peanut.	BILL	 (laughs) Margo, let's make peace.	MARGO	 The terms are too high. Unconditional surrender.	BILL	 Just being happy? Just stopping all this nonsense about Eve - and Eve and me?	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 It's not nonsense.	BILL	 But if I tell you it is - as I just did. Were you listening to me? (Margo nods) Isn't that enough?	MARGO	 I wish it were.	BILL	 Then what would be enough? (Margo doesn't answer) If we were married?	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 I wish it were.	BILL	 Then what would be enough? (Margo doesn't answer) If we were married?	MARGO	 I wouldn't want you to marry me just to prove something.	BILL	 You've had so many reasons for not wanting to marry me... Margo, tell me what's behind all this.	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 I - I don't know, Bill. Just a feeling, I don't know...	BILL	 I think you do know but you won't or can't tell me. (Margo doesn't say) I said before it was going to be my last try, and I meant it. I can't think of anything else to do. I wish I could. (a pause) We usually wind up screaming and throwing things as the curtain comes down. Then it comes up again and everything's fine. But not this time. (he takes a breath) You know there isn't a playwright in the world who could make me believe this would happen between two adult people. Goodbye, Margo.	MARGO	 Bill... (he stops) ... where are you going? To find Eve?	BILL	 (smiles grimly) That suddenly makes the whole thing believable.	All-About-Eve
BILL	 I think you do know but you won't or can't tell me. (Margo doesn't say) I said before it was going to be my last try, and I meant it. I can't think of anything else to do. I wish I could. (a pause) We usually wind up screaming and throwing things as the curtain comes down. Then it comes up again and everything's fine. But not this time. (he takes a breath) You know there isn't a playwright in the world who could make me believe this would happen between two adult people. Goodbye, Margo.	MARGO	 Bill... (he stops) ... where are you going? To find Eve?	BILL	 (smiles grimly) That suddenly makes the whole thing believable.			All-About-Eve
MARGO	 Bill... (he stops) ... where are you going? To find Eve?	BILL	 (smiles grimly) That suddenly makes the whole thing believable.					All-About-Eve
KAREN'S VOICE	 On the day of the audition, my biggest worry was to keep a banana looking part of an eggplant... then Lloyd came home. (in the b.g., Lloyd lets himself in) It was right after his brawl with Margo...	KAREN	 Lloyd, what happened...?	LLOYD	 Up to here! That's where I've got it - up to here! Of all the star ridden, presumptuous, hysterical-			All-About-Eve
KAREN	 It's just possible she didn't...	LLOYD	 Of course she knew! For one thing, Addison told her how superbly Eve had read the part-! (suddenly softening) Karen, let me tell you about Eve. She's got everything - a born actress. Sensitive, understanding, young, exciting, vibrant-	KAREN	 - don't run out of adjectives, dear.	LLOYD	 - everything a playwright first thinks of wanting to write about... until his play becomes a vehicle for Miss Channing...	All-About-Eve
LLOYD	 Margo. Margo's great. She knows it. That's the trouble. She can play Peck's Bad Boy all she wants, and who's to stop her? Who's to give her that boot in the rear she needs and deserves?	KAREN	 (murmurs) It's going to be a cozy weekend.	LLOYD	 (pauses) What is?	KAREN	 We're driving out to the country tomorrow night. Just the four of us. Bill, Margo, you and I...	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 (murmurs) It's going to be a cozy weekend.	LLOYD	 (pauses) What is?	KAREN	 We're driving out to the country tomorrow night. Just the four of us. Bill, Margo, you and I...	LLOYD	 Well. We've spent weekends before with nobody talking... (continues up stairs) ... just be sure to lock up all blunt instruments and throwable objects...	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 We're driving out to the country tomorrow night. Just the four of us. Bill, Margo, you and I...	LLOYD	 Well. We've spent weekends before with nobody talking... (continues up stairs) ... just be sure to lock up all blunt instruments and throwable objects...	KAREN'S VOICE	 Newton - they say, thought of gravity by getting hit on the head by an apple. And the man who invented the steam engine, he was watching a tea-kettle... but not me. My Big Idea came to me just sitting on a couch...	KAREN'S VOICE	 That boot in the rear to Margo. Heaven knows she had one coming. From me, from Lloyd, from Eve, Bill, Max, and so on - we'd all felt those size fives of hers often enough... but how? The answer was buzzing around me like a fly...	All-About-Eve
KAREN'S VOICE	 ... and no reason why she shouldn't be told about it - in time.	KAREN	 (into phone) Hello... will you call Miss Eve Harrington to the phone, please? Not at all... thank you.	DISSOLVE TO:				All-About-Eve
LLOYD	 But it can't be! We can't be out of gas! I filled it myself yesterday! (to Karen) Wasn't it full when you drove to Brewster this morning?	KAREN	 (very low) I guess I didn't look. You know I don't pay attention to those things...	LLOYD	 Incredible.	MARGO	 (crisply) How much time have we?	All-About-Eve
LLOYD	 Incredible.	MARGO	 (crisply) How much time have we?	KAREN	 Roughly ten minutes.	MARGO	 How far to the station?	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 Any houses or farms around where we can borrow gas?	KAREN	 (looking) None in sight, there aren't many along this back road...	MARGO	 Not many car either, not much chance of a lift...	LLOYD	 Well. No sense my just sitting here. I'm going to walk up about half a mile, just in case.	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 You'll break your neck on that ice.	LLOYD	 (grins) What a way to die - trying to get an actress to the theater in time. Tell Max I want to be buried with royalties...	KAREN	 Don't joke about such things.	MARGO	 (quietly) How fortunate that I have an understudy so ready, so willing and so able to go on.	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 Don't joke about such things.	MARGO	 (quietly) How fortunate that I have an understudy so ready, so willing and so able to go on.	LLOYD	 The audience will want its money refunded, believe me.	MARGO	 Thank you, Lloyd. Godspeed.	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 It seems to me that walking, for most people, is not very dangerous.	KAREN	 (smiles) I just never think of Lloyd as anywhere but indoors and anything but sitting down.	MARGO	 Be brave. He'll come back - with or without gas.	MARGO	 Do you want it on?	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 Well...	MARGO	 Let's not fumble for excuses, not here and now with my hair down. At best, let's say I've been oversensitive to... well, to the fact that she's so young - so feminine and helpless. To so many things I want to be for Bill... funny business, a woman's career. The things you drop on your way up the ladder, so you can move faster. You forget you'll need them again when you go back to being a woman. That's one career all females have in common - whether we like it or not - being a woman. Sooner or later we've all got to work at it, no matter what other careers we've had or wanted... and, in the last analysis, nothing is any good unless you can look up just before dinner or turns around in bed - and there he is. Without that, you're not woman. You're something with a French provincial office or a book full of clippings - but you're not a woman... (she smiles at Karen) ... slow curtain. The end.	KAREN	 Margo. (she hesitates) Margo, I want you to know how sorry I am about this...	MARGO	 About what?	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 Let's not fumble for excuses, not here and now with my hair down. At best, let's say I've been oversensitive to... well, to the fact that she's so young - so feminine and helpless. To so many things I want to be for Bill... funny business, a woman's career. The things you drop on your way up the ladder, so you can move faster. You forget you'll need them again when you go back to being a woman. That's one career all females have in common - whether we like it or not - being a woman. Sooner or later we've all got to work at it, no matter what other careers we've had or wanted... and, in the last analysis, nothing is any good unless you can look up just before dinner or turns around in bed - and there he is. Without that, you're not woman. You're something with a French provincial office or a book full of clippings - but you're not a woman... (she smiles at Karen) ... slow curtain. The end.	KAREN	 Margo. (she hesitates) Margo, I want you to know how sorry I am about this...	MARGO	 About what?	KAREN	 (indicating their predicament) This. I can't tell you how sorry I am!	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 About what?	KAREN	 (indicating their predicament) This. I can't tell you how sorry I am!	MARGO	 Don't give it another thought, one of destiny's many pranks. After all, you didn't personally drain the gasoline out of the tank...			All-About-Eve
ADDISON'S VOICE	 ... about which the management knew nothing until they were forced to ring up the curtain at nine o'clock. Coincidence. Also every indication of intrigue, skulduggery and fraud...	BILL	 (from within) ... you were better than all right, kid, you gave a performance, you rang a bell-					All-About-Eve
BILL	 (continuing) - little things here and there, it doesn't matter. You can be proud of yourself, you've got a right to be.	EVE	 (quietly) Are you proud of me, Bill?	BILL	 I'll admit I was worried when Max called. I had my doubts.	EVE	 You shouldn't have had any doubts.	All-About-Eve
EVE	 Everything.	BILL	 (lightly) The names I've been called. But never Svengali. (he pats her shoulder) Good luck.	EVE	 Don't run away, Bill.	BILL	 (stops) From what would I be running?	All-About-Eve
EVE	 Don't run away, Bill.	BILL	 (stops) From what would I be running?	EVE	 You're always after truth - on the stage. What about off?	BILL	 (curiously) I'm for it.	All-About-Eve
EVE	 You're always after truth - on the stage. What about off?	BILL	 (curiously) I'm for it.	EVE	 Then face it. I have. Since that first night - here - in the dressing room.	BILL	 (smiles) When I told you what every young actress should know.	All-About-Eve
EVE	 Then face it. I have. Since that first night - here - in the dressing room.	BILL	 (smiles) When I told you what every young actress should know.	EVE	 When you told me that whatever I became, it would be because of you-	BILL	 Your make-up's a little heavy.	All-About-Eve
EVE	 - and for you.	BILL	 (slowly) You're quite a girl.	EVE	 You think?	BILL	 I'm in love with Margo. Hadn't you heard?	All-About-Eve
EVE	 Find out.	BILL	 (deliberately) Only thing, what I go after, I want to go after. I don't want it to come after me.	BILL	 Don't cry. Just score it as an incomplete forward pass.	ADDISON	 May I come in?	All-About-Eve
EVE	 Certainly, Mr. deWitt...	ADDISON	 (entering) I expected to find this little room overcrowded, with a theater full of people at your feet...	EVE	 I consider myself lucky they didn't throw things.	ADDISON	 Of course your performance was no surprise to me. After the other day I regarded it as no more than - a promised fulfilled.	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 After you change, if you're not busy elsewhere, we can have supper.	EVE	 (from the bathroom) I'd love to! Or should I pretend I'm busy?	ADDISON	 (smiling) Let's have a minimum of pretending. I'll want to do a column about you-	EVE	 I'm not enough for a paragraph.	All-About-Eve
EVE	 (from the bathroom) I'd love to! Or should I pretend I'm busy?	ADDISON	 (smiling) Let's have a minimum of pretending. I'll want to do a column about you-	EVE	 I'm not enough for a paragraph.	ADDISON	 - perhaps more than one. There's so much I want to know. I've heard your story in bits and pieces... your home in Wisconsin, your tragic marriage, your financial attachment to Margo - it started in San Francisco, didn't it? (no answer; Addison smiles) I say - your idolatry of Margo started in San Francisco, didn't it?	All-About-Eve
EVE	 I'm not enough for a paragraph.	ADDISON	 - perhaps more than one. There's so much I want to know. I've heard your story in bits and pieces... your home in Wisconsin, your tragic marriage, your financial attachment to Margo - it started in San Francisco, didn't it? (no answer; Addison smiles) I say - your idolatry of Margo started in San Francisco, didn't it?	EVE	 That's right.	ADDISON	 San Francisco. An oasis of civilization in the California desert. Tell me, do you share my high opinion of San Francisco?	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 And that memorable night when Margo first dazzled you from the stage - which theater was it in San Francisco? Was it - the Shubert?	EVE	 (a slight pause) Yes. The Shubert.	ADDISON	 (grins happily) A fine old theater, the Shubert. Full of tradition, untouched by the earthquake - so sorry - fire... by the way, what was your husband's name?	EVE	 Eddie...	All-About-Eve
EVE	 (a slight pause) Yes. The Shubert.	ADDISON	 (grins happily) A fine old theater, the Shubert. Full of tradition, untouched by the earthquake - so sorry - fire... by the way, what was your husband's name?	EVE	 Eddie...	ADDISON	 Eddie what?	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 I can wait. Where would you like to go? We'll make this a special night...	EVE	 (trustingly) You take charge.	ADDISON	 I believe I will.			All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 She was magnificent.	KAREN	 (pleased) Then you've heard too.	ADDISON	 I was there. An eyewitness.	KAREN	 (staggered) You were there? At the play - last night?	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 I was there. An eyewitness.	KAREN	 (staggered) You were there? At the play - last night?	ADDISON	 (smiles) A happy coincidence.	EVE	 (quickly) We're having lunch with a movie talent scout.	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 (staggered) You were there? At the play - last night?	ADDISON	 (smiles) A happy coincidence.	EVE	 (quickly) We're having lunch with a movie talent scout.	KAREN	 They certainly don't waste much time.	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 (smiles) A happy coincidence.	EVE	 (quickly) We're having lunch with a movie talent scout.	KAREN	 They certainly don't waste much time.	EVE	 Nothing definite yet - it's just to have lunch.	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 From the smartness of your dress, I take it your luncheon companion is a lady?	KAREN	 (smiles) Margo.	ADDISON	 Margo? Lunching in public?	KAREN	 It's new Margo. But she's just as late as the old one.	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 (declaiming) "... my hat which has, lo, these many seasons become more firmly rooted about my ears, is lifted to Miss Harrington. I am once more available for dancing in the streets and shouting from the housetops." ... I thought that one went out with Woollcott... (she skips part of the column) Down here... here, listen to this- "... Miss Harrington had much to tell - and these columns shall report her faithfully - about the lamentable practice in our Theater of permitting, shall we say - mature - actresses to continue playing roles requiring a youth and vigor of which they retain but a dim memory-"	KAREN	 I just can't believe it.	MARGO	 It get better! "- About the understandable reluctance on the part of our entrenched First Ladies of the Stage to encourage, shall we say - younger - actresses; about Miss Harrington's own long and unsupported struggle for opportunity-"			All-About-Eve
KAREN	 I can't believe Eve said those things!	MARGO	 (pacing) In this rat race, everybody's guilty till they're proved innocent! One of the differences between the Theater and civilization... (she hurls the paper away) ... what gets me is how all of those papers in town happened to catch that particular performance!	KAREN	 (weakly) Lloyd says it's a publicity release...	MARGO	 The little witch must have had Indians runners out snatching critics out of bars, steam rooms and museums or wherever they hole up... well, she won't get away with it! Nor will Addison deWitt and his poison pen! If Equity or my lawyer can't or won't do anything about it, I will personally stuff that pathetic little lost lamb down Mr. deWitt's ugly throat...	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 (pacing) In this rat race, everybody's guilty till they're proved innocent! One of the differences between the Theater and civilization... (she hurls the paper away) ... what gets me is how all of those papers in town happened to catch that particular performance!	KAREN	 (weakly) Lloyd says it's a publicity release...	MARGO	 The little witch must have had Indians runners out snatching critics out of bars, steam rooms and museums or wherever they hole up... well, she won't get away with it! Nor will Addison deWitt and his poison pen! If Equity or my lawyer can't or won't do anything about it, I will personally stuff that pathetic little lost lamb down Mr. deWitt's ugly throat...	BILL	 (quietly) I came as soon as I read that piece of filth. I ran all the way...	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 The little witch must have had Indians runners out snatching critics out of bars, steam rooms and museums or wherever they hole up... well, she won't get away with it! Nor will Addison deWitt and his poison pen! If Equity or my lawyer can't or won't do anything about it, I will personally stuff that pathetic little lost lamb down Mr. deWitt's ugly throat...	BILL	 (quietly) I came as soon as I read that piece of filth. I ran all the way...	BILL	 Bill's here, baby. Everything's all right, now...	KAREN	 I guess at this point I'm what the French call 'de trop'...	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 I guess at this point I'm what the French call 'de trop'...	BILL	 (smiles) Maybe just a little around the edges.					All-About-Eve
LLOYD	 (is saying) - it's Addison, from start to finish, it drips with his brand of venom... taking advantage of a kid like that, twisting her words, making her say what he wanted her to say-	KAREN	 Where'd you get all that information?	LLOYD	 (put out his cigarette) Eve.			All-About-Eve
KAREN	 Where'd you get all that information?	LLOYD	 (put out his cigarette) Eve.	KAREN	 Eve?	LLOYD	 She's been to see me, as a matter of fact she left just before you came in - you just missed her...	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 That was a pity...	LLOYD	 (gets up) She wanted to explain about her interview, wanted to apologize to someone - and didn't dare face Margo...	KAREN	 I wonder why.	LLOYD	 She started to tell me all about it - and she couldn't finish, she cried so...	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 That's quite a change of subject.	LLOYD	 (walks again) What with taxes coming up - and since I'm a playwright and not an oil well operator - well, I've been thinking...	KAREN	 I'm trying hard to follow you.	LLOYD	 If - instead of waiting until next season to do 'Footsteps on the Ceiling', which is in pretty good shape - and if Margo can be talked into going on tour with 'Aged in Wood' - we could put 'Footsteps...' into production right away...	All-About-Eve
LLOYD	 If we could cast it properly, that is...	KAREN	 (carefully) Maybe get some younger actress for the part? Someone who'd look the part as well as play it?	LLOYD	 (smiles) You've got to admit it would be a novelty.	KAREN	 Now you're quoting Addison. Or Eve.	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 (carefully) Maybe get some younger actress for the part? Someone who'd look the part as well as play it?	LLOYD	 (smiles) You've got to admit it would be a novelty.	KAREN	 Now you're quoting Addison. Or Eve.	LLOYD	 Eve did mention the play, you know. But just in passing - she's never ask to play a part like "Cora," she'd never have the nerve...	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 With gestures, of course.	LLOYD	 (wistfully) For once, to write something and have it realized completely. For once, not to compromise-	KAREN	 Lloyd Richards, you are not to consider giving that contemptible little worm the part of "Cora."	LLOYD	 Now just a minute-	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 Margo Channing has not been exactly a compromise all these years, half the playwrights in the world would give their shirts for that particular compromise!	LLOYD	 (angry) Now just a minute!	KAREN	 It strikes me that Eve's disloyalty and ingratitude must be contagious!	LLOYD	 All this fuss and hysteria because an impulsive kid got carried away by excitement and the conniving of a professional manure slinger named deWitt! She apologized, didn't she?	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 The cynicism you refer to, I acquired the day I discovered I was different from little boys!	LLOYD	 Hello! (he quiets down) ... hi, Margo... no, not at all, Karen and I were just chatting... hmm?... why - why, yes, I'm sure we can and I'm sure we'd love to... right... 11:45ish. See you then...	LLOYD	 Margo - and Bill - want us to meet them at the Cub Room tonight, after theater. For a bottle of wine.	KAREN	 (smiles) Margo in the Cub Room. I couldn't be more surprised if she'd said Grant's Tomb.	All-About-Eve
LLOYD	 Margo - and Bill - want us to meet them at the Cub Room tonight, after theater. For a bottle of wine.	KAREN	 (smiles) Margo in the Cub Room. I couldn't be more surprised if she'd said Grant's Tomb.	LLOYD	 I'm glad Bill's back.	KAREN	 They'd die without each other.	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 Such as?	LLOYD	 (grins) You - for one. I told her you were set on Margo playing the part - and I certainly wouldn't make a change without your approval.	KAREN	 That's fine. Fine and dandy. I'd enjoy nothing more. Just refer all of Miss Harrington's future requests to me...			All-About-Eve
LLOYD	 It's been quite a night. I understand that your understudy - Miss Harrington - has given her notice.	MARGO	 (eyes still on Bill) Too bad.	BILL	 (eyes still on Margo) I'm broken up about it...	LLOYD	 For some reason you can't just pick up champagne and drink it. Somebody's got to be very witty about a toast. (he lifts his glass) For instance...	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 (eyes still on Bill) Too bad.	BILL	 (eyes still on Margo) I'm broken up about it...	LLOYD	 For some reason you can't just pick up champagne and drink it. Somebody's got to be very witty about a toast. (he lifts his glass) For instance...	BILL	 (abruptly) I'm going to propose the toast. Without wit. With all my heart.	All-About-Eve
BILL	 (eyes still on Margo) I'm broken up about it...	LLOYD	 For some reason you can't just pick up champagne and drink it. Somebody's got to be very witty about a toast. (he lifts his glass) For instance...	BILL	 (abruptly) I'm going to propose the toast. Without wit. With all my heart.	BILL	 To Margo. To my bride-to-be.	All-About-Eve
LLOYD	 For some reason you can't just pick up champagne and drink it. Somebody's got to be very witty about a toast. (he lifts his glass) For instance...	BILL	 (abruptly) I'm going to propose the toast. Without wit. With all my heart.	BILL	 To Margo. To my bride-to-be.	MARGO	 Glory Hallelujah.	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 When? When are you going to do it?	BILL	 Tomorrow we meet at City Hall at ten- (to Margo) - and you're going to be on time.	MARGO	 Yes, sir.	LLOYD	 City Hall, that's for prize fighters, and reporters - I see a cathedral, a bishop, banks of flowers...	All-About-Eve
LLOYD	 Three days, that's for the bourgeois - I see a midnight elopement, waking up a village person...	KAREN	 (to Margo) What are you going to wear?	MARGO	 Something simple. A fur coat over a nightgown...	BILL	 The point is - in the cathedral, a ball park or a penny arcade - we want to have you two beside us our nearest and dearest friends.	All-About-Eve
BILL	 The point is - in the cathedral, a ball park or a penny arcade - we want to have you two beside us our nearest and dearest friends.	LLOYD	 There are very few moments in life as good as this. Let's remember it. (he lifts his glass) To each of us and all of us... never have we been more close - may we never be farther apart.	WAITER	 Mrs. Richards?	KAREN	 Yes?	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 Lloyd, I want you to be big about this... the world is full of love tonight, no woman is safe...	KAREN	 (angrily) This beats all world's records for running, standing and jumping gall!	MARGO	 (reading) "Please forgive me for butting into what seems such a happy occasion - but it's most important that I speak with you. Please" - it's underlined - "meet me in the Ladies' Room. Eve."	BILL	 I understand she is now the understudy in there.	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 (angrily) This beats all world's records for running, standing and jumping gall!	MARGO	 (reading) "Please forgive me for butting into what seems such a happy occasion - but it's most important that I speak with you. Please" - it's underlined - "meet me in the Ladies' Room. Eve."	BILL	 I understand she is now the understudy in there.	MARGO	 (looking about) Pass me the empty bottle. I may find her... why, look. There's Rasputin.	All-About-Eve
BILL	 I understand she is now the understudy in there.	MARGO	 (looking about) Pass me the empty bottle. I may find her... why, look. There's Rasputin.	MARGO	 Encore du champagne.	CAPTAIN	 More champagne, Miss Channing?	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 That's what I said, bub.	LLOYD	 (to Karen) After all, maybe she just wants to apologize...	KAREN	 I have no possible interest in anything she'd have to say.	BILL	 But what could she say? That's what fascinates me...	All-About-Eve
EVE	 I was wondering whether you'd come at all..	KAREN	 Don't get up. (she smiles grimly) And don't act as if I were the queen mother.	EVE	 I don't expect you to be pleasant.	KAREN	 I don't intend to be.	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 - and easy or not, I won't believe a word.	EVE	 Why shouldn't you? (a pause) Please sit down.	EVE	 You know, I've always considered myself a very clever girl. Smart. Good head on my shoulders, that sort of thing, never the wrong word at the wrong time... but then, I'd never met Addison deWitt. (another pause) I remember once I had a tooth pulled. They gave me some anaesthetic - I don't remember the name - and it affected me in a strange way. I heard myself saying things I wasn't even thinking... as if my mind were someplace outside of my body, and couldn't control what I did or said-	KAREN	 (leading her on) - and you felt just like that talking to Addison.	All-About-Eve
EVE	 You know, I've always considered myself a very clever girl. Smart. Good head on my shoulders, that sort of thing, never the wrong word at the wrong time... but then, I'd never met Addison deWitt. (another pause) I remember once I had a tooth pulled. They gave me some anaesthetic - I don't remember the name - and it affected me in a strange way. I heard myself saying things I wasn't even thinking... as if my mind were someplace outside of my body, and couldn't control what I did or said-	KAREN	 (leading her on) - and you felt just like that talking to Addison.	EVE	 (nods) In a way. You find yourself trying to say what you mean, but somehow the words change - and they become his words - and suddenly you're not saying what you mean, but what he means-	KAREN	 (sharply) Do you expect me to believe that you didn't say any of those things - that they were all Addison?	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 (leading her on) - and you felt just like that talking to Addison.	EVE	 (nods) In a way. You find yourself trying to say what you mean, but somehow the words change - and they become his words - and suddenly you're not saying what you mean, but what he means-	KAREN	 (sharply) Do you expect me to believe that you didn't say any of those things - that they were all Addison?	EVE	 No! I don't expect you to believe anything. Except that the responsibility is mine. And the disgrace.	All-About-Eve
EVE	 (nods) In a way. You find yourself trying to say what you mean, but somehow the words change - and they become his words - and suddenly you're not saying what you mean, but what he means-	KAREN	 (sharply) Do you expect me to believe that you didn't say any of those things - that they were all Addison?	EVE	 No! I don't expect you to believe anything. Except that the responsibility is mine. And the disgrace.	KAREN	 Let's not get over-dramatic.	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 Let's not get over-dramatic.	EVE	 (smiles grimly) You've really got a low opinion of me, haven't you? We'll I'll give you some pleasant news. I've been told off in no uncertain terms all over town. Miss Channing should be happy to hear that. To know how loyal her friends are - how much more loyal they are than she had a right to expect me to be...	KAREN	 Eve... don't cry.	EVE	 (turned away) I'm not crying.	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 Eve... don't cry.	EVE	 (turned away) I'm not crying.	KAREN	 Tell me. How did your lunch turn out - with the man from Hollywood?	EVE	 Some vague promises of a test, that's all - if a particular part should come along, one of those things-	All-About-Eve
EVE	 I'll never get over it.	KAREN	 (smiles) Yes, you will. You Theater people always do. Nothing is forever in the Theater. Love or hate, success or failure - whatever it is, it's here, it flares up and burns hot - and then it's gone.	EVE	 I wish I could believe that.	KAREN	 Give yourself time. Don't worry too much about what people think, you're very young and very talented... (she gets up, her hand still on Eve's shoulder) ... and, believe it or not, if there's anything I can do-	All-About-Eve
EVE	 I wish I could believe that.	KAREN	 Give yourself time. Don't worry too much about what people think, you're very young and very talented... (she gets up, her hand still on Eve's shoulder) ... and, believe it or not, if there's anything I can do-	EVE	 There is something.	KAREN	 I think I know...	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 Over my dead body...	EVE	 (cold, relentless) That won't be necessary. Addison knows how Margo happen to miss that performance - how I happened to know she'd miss it in time to call him and notify every paper in town... (Karen stops struggling) ... it's quite a story. Addison could make quite a thing of it - imagine how snide and vicious he could get and still write nothing but the truth. I had a time persuading him... (she smiles, now) ... you'd better sit down. You look a bit wobbly. (Karen sits) If I play "Cora," Addison will never tell what happened - in or out of print. A simple exchange of favors. And I'm so happy I can do something for you - at long last... (Karen covers her face with her hands) Your friendship with Margo - your deep, close friendship - what would happen to it, do you think, if she knew the chap trick you'd played on her - for my benefit? And you and Lloyd - how long, even in the Theater, before people forgot what happened - and trusted you again? (now Eve gets up) No... it would be so much easier on everyone concerned, if I were to play "Cora." And so much better theater, too...	KAREN	 A part in a play. You'd do all that - just for a part in a play.	EVE	 (smiles) I'd do much more - for a part that good.	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 A part in a play. You'd do all that - just for a part in a play.	EVE	 (smiles) I'd do much more - for a part that good.					All-About-Eve
EVE	 Just some coffee.	ADDISON	 (pours) I'm not surprised. After all that humble pie...	EVE	 Nothing of the kind. Karen and I had a nice talk.	ADDISON	 Heart to heart? Woman to woman? Including a casual reference to the part of "Cora" - and your hopes of playing it.	All-About-Eve
EVE	 Just like that.	ADDISON	 (thoughtfully) Do you know, Eve - sometimes I think you keep things from me.	EVE	 I don't think that's funny.	ADDISON	 It wasn't meant to be.	All-About-Eve
EVE	 I confide in you and rely on you more than anyone I've ever known! To say a thing like that now - without any reason - when I need you more than ever...	ADDISON	 (breaks in) I hope you mean what you say, Eve. I intend to hold you to it.	ADDISON	 We have a great deal in common, it seems to me...	LLOYD	 - well? What happened?	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 Not much.	MARGO	 Groom- (Bill says "huh?") - may I have a wedding present?	BILL	 What would you like? Texas?	MARGO	 I want everybody to shut up about Eve. Just shut up about Eve, that's all I want. Give Karen more wine... (blissfully) ... never have I been so happy. Isn't this a lovely room? The Cub Room. What a lovely, clever name. Where the elite meet. Never have I seen so much elite - and all with their eyes on me. Waiting for me to crack that little gnome over the noggin with a bottle. But not tonight. Even Eve. I forgive Eve... there they go.	All-About-Eve
BILL	 What would you like? Texas?	MARGO	 I want everybody to shut up about Eve. Just shut up about Eve, that's all I want. Give Karen more wine... (blissfully) ... never have I been so happy. Isn't this a lovely room? The Cub Room. What a lovely, clever name. Where the elite meet. Never have I seen so much elite - and all with their eyes on me. Waiting for me to crack that little gnome over the noggin with a bottle. But not tonight. Even Eve. I forgive Eve... there they go.	MARGO	 There goes Eve. Eve evil, Little Miss Evil. But the evil that men do - how does it go, groom? Something about the good they leave behind - I played it once in rep in Wilkes Barre...	BILL	 You've got it backwards. Even for Wilkes-Barre.	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 She is a louse.	BILL	 (to Lloyd) Never try to outguess Margo.	MARGO	 Groom.	BILL	 Yes, dear.	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 I'm going to have a home. Not just a house I'm afraid to stay in... and a man to go with it. I'll look up at six o'clock - and there he'll be... remember, Karen?	KAREN	 (quietly) I remember.	MARGO	 (to Bill) You'll be there, won't you.	BILL	 (grins) Often enough to keep the franchise.	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 (quietly) I remember.	MARGO	 (to Bill) You'll be there, won't you.	BILL	 (grins) Often enough to keep the franchise.	MARGO	 A foursquare, upright, downright, forthright married lady... that's for me. And no more make believe! Off stage or on... remember, Lloyd. (Lloyd nods) I mean it, now. Grown-up women only, I might even play a mother - only one child, of course, not over eight... (they all smile) Lloyd, will you promise not to be angry with me?	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 (to Bill) You'll be there, won't you.	BILL	 (grins) Often enough to keep the franchise.	MARGO	 A foursquare, upright, downright, forthright married lady... that's for me. And no more make believe! Off stage or on... remember, Lloyd. (Lloyd nods) I mean it, now. Grown-up women only, I might even play a mother - only one child, of course, not over eight... (they all smile) Lloyd, will you promise not to be angry with me?	LLOYD	 (smiles) That depends.	All-About-Eve
BILL	 (grins) Often enough to keep the franchise.	MARGO	 A foursquare, upright, downright, forthright married lady... that's for me. And no more make believe! Off stage or on... remember, Lloyd. (Lloyd nods) I mean it, now. Grown-up women only, I might even play a mother - only one child, of course, not over eight... (they all smile) Lloyd, will you promise not to be angry with me?	LLOYD	 (smiles) That depends.	MARGO	 I mean really, deeply angry...	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 A foursquare, upright, downright, forthright married lady... that's for me. And no more make believe! Off stage or on... remember, Lloyd. (Lloyd nods) I mean it, now. Grown-up women only, I might even play a mother - only one child, of course, not over eight... (they all smile) Lloyd, will you promise not to be angry with me?	LLOYD	 (smiles) That depends.	MARGO	 I mean really, deeply angry...	LLOYD	 I don't think I could be.	All-About-Eve
MARGO	 Well. I don't want to play "Cora."	KAREN	 (explodes) What?	MARGO	 (hastily) Now wait a minute, you're always so touchy about his plays, it isn't the part - it's a great part. And a fine play. But not for me anymore - not a foursquare, upright, downright, forthright married lady.	LLOYD	 What's your being married got to do with it?	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 (explodes) What?	MARGO	 (hastily) Now wait a minute, you're always so touchy about his plays, it isn't the part - it's a great part. And a fine play. But not for me anymore - not a foursquare, upright, downright, forthright married lady.	LLOYD	 What's your being married got to do with it?	MARGO	 It means I've finally got a life to live! I don't have to play parts I'm too old for - just because I've got nothing to do with my nights! (then quietly) I know you've made plans. I'll make it up to you, believe me. I'll tour a year with this one, anything - only you do understand - don't you, Lloyd?	All-About-Eve
LLOYD	 What's your being married got to do with it?	MARGO	 It means I've finally got a life to live! I don't have to play parts I'm too old for - just because I've got nothing to do with my nights! (then quietly) I know you've made plans. I'll make it up to you, believe me. I'll tour a year with this one, anything - only you do understand - don't you, Lloyd?	LLOYD	 What's so funny?	KAREN	 Nothing...	All-About-Eve
LLOYD	 Who is it? What's it all about?	KAREN	 (into phone) Did Miss Harrington tell you to call Mr. Richards?					All-About-Eve
GIRL	 I'll tell her, Mr. Richards. RICHARDS' BEDROOM, Karen is still in bed, phone still in her hand. She hangs up, swings her legs out, puts out her cigarette, gets into a robe. The open door and light of the dressing room tell us where Lloyd is.	KAREN	 (finally) Aren't you... broadening the duties of a playwright just a bit? Rushing off in the middle of the night like a country doctor?	KAREN	 What would you do if, instead of Eve, the leading man had called up to say her was hysterical?	KAREN	 Lloyd, I don't want you to go!	All-About-Eve
KAREN	 I'm a human being, I've got some!	LLOYD	 (goes right on) - and for my feelings in particular! For my play, my career - and now for a frightened, hysterical girl on the eve of her first night in the Theater!	KAREN	 Have you forgotten about Eve? What she is, what she's done?	LLOYD	 Old wives' tales, born of envy and jealousy! And a phobia against truth!	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 And tomorrow morning you will have won your beachhead on the shores of Immortality...	EVE	 (grins) Stop rehearsing your column... Isn't it strange, Addison? I thought I'd be panic-stricken, want to run away or something. Instead, I can't wait for tonight to come. To come and go...	ADDISON	 Are you that sure of tomorrow?	EVE	 Aren't you?	All-About-Eve
EVE	 Why not?	ADDISON	 The mark of a true killer. (he holds out his hand) Sleep tight, rest easy - and come out fighting...	EVE	 Why'd call me a killer?	ADDISON	 Did I say killer? I meant champion. I get my boxing terms mixed.	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 Did I say killer? I meant champion. I get my boxing terms mixed.	EVE	 (calling) Addison- (he pauses) - come on in for just a minute, won't you? There's... I've got something to tell you.					All-About-Eve
EVE	 Lloyd. I never have any, and he likes a couple of drinks after we finish - so he sent it up...	ADDISON	 Some plain soda. (Eve starts to fix it) Lloyd must be expecting a record run in New Haven...	EVE	 That's for tonight. You're invited. We're having everyone up after the performance.	ADDISON	 We're?	All-About-Eve
EVE	 Addison...	ADDISON	 (blandly) She's always been so fantastically devoted to Lloyd. I would imagine that only death or destruction could keep her-	EVE	 (breaks in) Addison, just a few minutes ago. When I told you this would be a night to remember - that it would bring me everything I wanted-	ADDISON	 (nods) - something about an old road ending and a new one starting - paved with stars...	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 (blandly) She's always been so fantastically devoted to Lloyd. I would imagine that only death or destruction could keep her-	EVE	 (breaks in) Addison, just a few minutes ago. When I told you this would be a night to remember - that it would bring me everything I wanted-	ADDISON	 (nods) - something about an old road ending and a new one starting - paved with stars...	EVE	 I didn't mean just the Theater.	All-About-Eve
EVE	 (breaks in) Addison, just a few minutes ago. When I told you this would be a night to remember - that it would bring me everything I wanted-	ADDISON	 (nods) - something about an old road ending and a new one starting - paved with stars...	EVE	 I didn't mean just the Theater.	ADDISON	 What else?	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 What else?	EVE	 (her back to him) Lloyd Richards. He's going to leave Karen. We're going to be married.	ADDISON	 So that's it. Lloyd. Still just the Theater, after all...	EVE	 (turns; shocked) It's nothing of the kind! Lloyd loves me, I love him!	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 So that's it. Lloyd. Still just the Theater, after all...	EVE	 (turns; shocked) It's nothing of the kind! Lloyd loves me, I love him!	ADDISON	 I know nothing about Lloyd and his loves - I leave those to Louisa May Alcott. But I do know you.	EVE	 I'm in love with Lloyd!	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 - and artistically, the most promising! Eve dear, this is Addison.	EVE	 Addison, won't it be just perfect? Lloyd and I - there's no telling how far we can go... he'll write great plays for me, I'll make them be great! (as she sits) You're the only one I've told, the only one that knows except Lloyd and me...	ADDISON	 ... and Karen.	EVE	 She doesn't know.	All-About-Eve
EVE	 But not all of it - not that Lloyd and I are going to be married.	ADDISON	 (thoughtfully) I see. And when was this unholy alliance joined?	EVE	 We decided the night before last, before we came up here...	ADDISON	 (increasingly tense) Was the setting properly romantic - the lights on dimmers, gypsy violins off stage?	All-About-Eve
EVE	 We decided the night before last, before we came up here...	ADDISON	 (increasingly tense) Was the setting properly romantic - the lights on dimmers, gypsy violins off stage?	EVE	 The setting wasn't romantic, but Lloyd was. He woke me up at three in the morning, banging on my door - he couldn't sleep, he told me - he's left Karen, he couldn't go on with the play or anything else until I promised to marry him... we sat and talked until it was light. He never went home...	ADDISON	 You sat and talked until it was light...	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 You sat and talked until it was light...	EVE	 (meaningly) We sat and talked, Addison. I want a run of the play contract.	ADDISON	 (quietly) There never was, there'll never be another like you.	EVE	 (happily) Well, say something - anything! Congratulations, skol - good work, Eve!	All-About-Eve
EVE	 (meaningly) We sat and talked, Addison. I want a run of the play contract.	ADDISON	 (quietly) There never was, there'll never be another like you.	EVE	 (happily) Well, say something - anything! Congratulations, skol - good work, Eve!	ADDISON	 What do you take me for?	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 (quietly) There never was, there'll never be another like you.	EVE	 (happily) Well, say something - anything! Congratulations, skol - good work, Eve!	ADDISON	 What do you take me for?	EVE	 (cautiously) I don't know what I take you for anything...	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 What do you take me for?	EVE	 (cautiously) I don't know what I take you for anything...	ADDISON	 (moving away) It is possible - even conceivable - that you've confused me with that gang of backward children you've been playing tricks on - that you have the same contempt for me that you have for them?	EVE	 I'm sure you mean something by that, Addison, but I don't know what...	All-About-Eve
EVE	 (cautiously) I don't know what I take you for anything...	ADDISON	 (moving away) It is possible - even conceivable - that you've confused me with that gang of backward children you've been playing tricks on - that you have the same contempt for me that you have for them?	EVE	 I'm sure you mean something by that, Addison, but I don't know what...	ADDISON	 Look closely, Eve, it's time you did. I am Addison deWitt. I'm nobody's fool. Least of all - yours.	All-About-Eve
EVE	 I still don't know what you're getting at. Right now I want to take my nap. It's important that I-	ADDISON	 (breaks in) - it's important right now that we talk. Killer to killer.	EVE	 (wisely) Champion to champion.	ADDISON	 Not with me, you're no champion. You're stepping way up in class.	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 (breaks in) - it's important right now that we talk. Killer to killer.	EVE	 (wisely) Champion to champion.	ADDISON	 Not with me, you're no champion. You're stepping way up in class.	EVE	 Addison, will you please say what you have to say plainly and distinctly - and then get out so I can take my nap!	All-About-Eve
EVE	 Addison, will you please say what you have to say plainly and distinctly - and then get out so I can take my nap!	ADDISON	 Very well, plainly and distinctly. Although I consider it unnecessary - because you know as well as I, what I am about to say. (they are now facing each other) Lloyd may leave Karen, but he will not leave Karen for you.	EVE	 What do you mean by that?	ADDISON	 More plainly and more distinctly? I Have not come to New Haven to see the play, discuss your dreams, or to pull the ivy from the walls of Yale! I have come to tell you that you will not marry Lloyd - or anyone else - because I will not permit it.	All-About-Eve
EVE	 ... taken it for granted? That you and I...	ADDISON	 (quietly) Remember as long as you live, never to laugh at me. At anything or anyone else - but never at me.	EVE	 Get out!	ADDISON	 You're too short for that gesture. Besides, it went out with Mrs. Fiske.	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 It is true that your parents were poor. They still are. And they would like to know how you are - and where. They haven't heard from you for three years...	EVE	 (curtly) What of it?	ADDISON	 A matter of opinion. Granted. It is also true that you worked in a brewery. But life in the brewery was apparently not as dull as you pictured it. As a matter of fact, it got less and less dull - until you boss's wife had your boss followed by detectives!	EVE	 (whirls on him) She never proved anything, not a thing!	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 A matter of opinion. Granted. It is also true that you worked in a brewery. But life in the brewery was apparently not as dull as you pictured it. As a matter of fact, it got less and less dull - until you boss's wife had your boss followed by detectives!	EVE	 (whirls on him) She never proved anything, not a thing!	ADDISON	 But the $500 you got to get out of town brought you straight to New York - didn't it?	ADDISON	 That $500 brought you straight to New York - didn't it?	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 You used my name and my column to blackmail Karen into getting you the part of "Cora" - and you lied to me about it!	EVE	 (into the bed) No-no-no...	ADDISON	 I had lunch with Karen not three hours ago. As always with women who want to find out things, she told more than she learned... (he lets go of her hands) ... do you want to change your story about Lloyd beating at your door the other night?	EVE	 Please... please...	All-About-Eve
EVE	 (into the bed) No-no-no...	ADDISON	 I had lunch with Karen not three hours ago. As always with women who want to find out things, she told more than she learned... (he lets go of her hands) ... do you want to change your story about Lloyd beating at your door the other night?	EVE	 Please... please...	ADDISON	 That I should want you at all suddenly strikes me as the height of improbability. But that, in itself, is probably the reason. You're an improbable person, Eve, and so am I. We have that in common. Also a contempt for humanity, an inability to love or be loved, insatiable ambition - and talent. We deserve each other. Are you listening to me?	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 Take your nap, now. And good luck for tonight.	EVE	 (tonelessly) I won't play tonight. (Addison pauses) I couldn't. Not possibly. I couldn't go on...	ADDISON	 (smiles) Couldn't go on? You'll give the performance of your life.			All-About-Eve
EVE	 (tonelessly) I won't play tonight. (Addison pauses) I couldn't. Not possibly. I couldn't go on...	ADDISON	 (smiles) Couldn't go on? You'll give the performance of your life.					All-About-Eve
ADDISON'S VOICE	 And she gave the performance of her life. And it was a night to remember, that night...	EVE	 Honored members of Sarah Siddons Society, distinguished guests, ladies and gentlemen: What is there for me to say? Everything wise and witty has long since been said - by minds more mature and talents far greater than mine. For me to thank you as equals would be presumptuous - I am an apprentice in the Theater and have much to learn from you all. I can say only that I am proud and happy and that I regard this great honor not so much as an award for what I have achieved, but as a standard to hold against what I have yet to accomplish. (applause) And further, I regard it as bestowed upon me only in part. The larger share belongs to my friends in the Theater - and to the Theater itself, which has given me all I have. In good conscience, I must give credit where credit is due. To Max Fabian-	EVE'S VOICE	 - dear Max. Dear, sentimental, generous, courageous Max Fabian - who took a chance on an unknown, untried, amateur...	EVE	 And to my first friend in the Theater - whose kindness and graciousness I shall never forget... Karen - Mrs. Lloyd Richards...	All-About-Eve
EVE	 Thank you, Karen.	MAX	 (to Addison) I'm giving her a very high-class party. It ain't like a rehearsal, she don't have to be late.	ADDISON	 As soon as the peasants stop pawing her.	MARGO	 ... nice speech, Eve. But I wouldn't worry too much about your heart. You can always put that award where your heart ought to be.	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 You can have one at Max's.	EVE	 (sits) I don't think I'm going.	ADDISON	 (sighs) Why not?	EVE	 Because I don't want to.	All-About-Eve
EVE	 (sits) I don't think I'm going.	ADDISON	 (sighs) Why not?	EVE	 Because I don't want to.	ADDISON	 (patiently) Max has gone to a great deal of trouble, it's going to be an elaborate party, and it's for you.	All-About-Eve
EVE	 Because I don't want to.	ADDISON	 (patiently) Max has gone to a great deal of trouble, it's going to be an elaborate party, and it's for you.	EVE	 No, it's not. (she holds up the award) It's for this.	ADDISON	 It's the same thing, isn't it?	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 (patiently) Max has gone to a great deal of trouble, it's going to be an elaborate party, and it's for you.	EVE	 No, it's not. (she holds up the award) It's for this.	ADDISON	 It's the same thing, isn't it?	EVE	 Exactly. (she gives him the award) Here. Take it to the party instead of me.	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 It's the same thing, isn't it?	EVE	 Exactly. (she gives him the award) Here. Take it to the party instead of me.	ADDISON	 You're being childish.	EVE	 I'm tired. I want to go home.	All-About-Eve
EVE	 I'm tired. I want to go home.	ADDISON	 (curtly) Very well. I shall drop you and go on to the party. I have no intention of missing it...					All-About-Eve
GIRL	 Please don't have me arrested, please! I didn't steal anything - you can search me!	EVE	 (pauses) How did you get in here?	GIRL	 I hid outside in the hall till the maid came to turn down your bed. She must've forgot something and when she went to get it, she left the door open. I sneaked in and hid till she finished. Then I just looked around - and pretty soon I was afraid somebody'd notice the lights were on so I turned them off - and then I guess, I fell asleep.	EVE	 You were just looking around...	All-About-Eve
EVE	 It's after one now. You won't get home till all hours.	GIRL	 (smiles) I don't care if I never get home.	EVE	 That's the door.	GIRL	 You rest. I'll get it...	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 Hello, there. Who are you?	GIRL	 (shyly) Miss Harrington's resting, Mr. deWitt. She asked me to see who it is...	ADDISON	 We won't disturb her rest. It seems she left her award in the taxicab. Will you give it to her?	ADDISON	 How do you know my name?	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 Phoebe?	GIRL	 (stubbornly) I call myself Phoebe.	ADDISON	 Why not? Tell me, Phoebe, do you want some day to have an award like that of your own?	PHOEBE	 More than anything else in the world.	All-About-Eve
ADDISON	 Then you must Miss Harrington how to get one. Miss Harrington knows all about it...	EVE'S VOICE	 (sleepy; from the living room) Who was it?	PHOEBE	 Just a taxi driver, Miss Harrington. You left the award in his cab and he brought it back...	EVE'S VOICE	 Oh. Put it on one of the trunks, will you? I want to pack it...	All-About-Eve
