NEIGHBOR)	 Wait Outside please. He signals to a police officer who herds the curious onlookers back out through the door.	POLICE OFFICER	 (to the superintendent, pointing to a pile of mail) What's the date of the last letter?	SUPERINTENDENT		(VERIFYING)	 The 16th from what I can see... Wait... The plain-clothes detective has tried in vain to open the door on the left. It has been sealed up with adhesive tape.	Amour 
(VERIFYING)	 The 16th from what I can see... Wait... The plain-clothes detective has tried in vain to open the door on the left. It has been sealed up with adhesive tape.	PLAIN-CLOTHES DETECTIVE	 (to the fire officer) Can you try? While the firemen go to work on the door, the plain-clothes detective goes into the adjoining dining room. He opens the windows quickly and turns to go into the room to the left via the double doors. They are locked and the gaps are also taped up. He turns to the right and goes into the living room, where he also opens up the windows...	FIREMAN (O.S.)	 The door is open. ...and comes back into the hallway, passing by the waiting firemen. Once again, we hear snatches of dialogue between the police officer and the janitor.			Amour 
JANITOR	 ...no as far as I know. During the whole time, they had a nurse, but it's been a while since I last saw her. My wife has been... The plain-clothes detective enters the bedroom which is now accessible. Its windows are open and the draft makes the curtains billow into the room.	PLAIN-CLOTHES DETECTIVE	 (to the firemen who are now curious enough to come and stand by the	DOOR)	 Did you open the windows? The firemen shake their heads. The PLAIN-CLOTHES DETECTIVE turns toward the big double bed placed against the back wall of the bedroom. On the right- hand bed, there's only the bare mattress. On the left-hand bed lies the partly decomposed body of an old woman. Where once there were eyes, now there are only gaping holes. The corpse has been neatly dressed and is adorned with flowers that have already dried out a little. On her chest is a crucifix.			Amour 
ANNE	 From us?	GEORGES	 (laughs briefly out loud) Hey, why not? If I thought about it, I could come up with at least three or four people we know who've been burgled. After having examined the outside of the second leaf of the double door, he comes in, closing the door behind him.	ANNE	 What time is it? Can't we call the superintendent?			Amour 
(TO ANNE)	 You can depend on that guy.	ANNE	 (who comes back to the table with the egg) I hope so. The last time, he kept us waiting for ages, if you remember.	GEORGES	 (laughs while acquiescing) Yes, that's true. (Reacting when she places the egg in his egg cup) Thanks. If I call a regular professional, we'll still be waiting two months time.	ANNE	 (more to herself) Really? She has sat down. Looks straight ahead. He cracks open his egg, puts salt on it, eats.	Amour 
ANNE	 (who comes back to the table with the egg) I hope so. The last time, he kept us waiting for ages, if you remember.	GEORGES	 (laughs while acquiescing) Yes, that's true. (Reacting when she places the egg in his egg cup) Thanks. If I call a regular professional, we'll still be waiting two months time.	ANNE	 (more to herself) Really? She has sat down. Looks straight ahead. He cracks open his egg, puts salt on it, eats.			Amour 
GEORGES	 (laughs while acquiescing) Yes, that's true. (Reacting when she places the egg in his egg cup) Thanks. If I call a regular professional, we'll still be waiting two months time.	ANNE	 (more to herself) Really? She has sat down. Looks straight ahead. He cracks open his egg, puts salt on it, eats.	GEORGES	 The Frodons waited three days when their toilet was blocked. Not exactly pleasant. He eats. Wants to put on more salt, but the saltcellar is empty.			Amour 
SILENCE	 Finally he gets up, heads for the sink, turns on the tap, wets a tea towel, wrings it out a little, comes back and places it on Anne's face. Waits for a reaction that doesn't come. Then he pulls up her hair in the nape of her neck and applies the cloth there. Then sits down and looks at her imploringly.	GEORGES (CONT'D)	 (close to tears) Anne...Darling...please! Once again they both remain seated. In the background, we hear the GUSHING of the tap that in his panic he has forgotten to turn it off. Making a sudden decision, he gets up, rapidly crossing the hallway, he goes into the bedroom where he starts to dress agitatedly, which takes him quite a lot of time. Suddenly, the GUSHING of the tap stops, which had accompanied us as far as the bedroom. George doesn't notice it immediately, then he stops short.	GEORGES (CONT'D)	 Anne? Finally he returns, half dressed, into the kitchen. Anne is seated in the same place and looks at him.	ANNE	 What are you doing? She turns toward the breakfast.	Amour 
ANNE	 But what DID happen?	GEORGES	 (almost reluctantly bowing his head as he speaks) You were sitting there, staring at me. You didn't answer me when I asked you what the matter was. He picks up the wet tea towel from the table.	GEORGES (CONT'D)	 I put this tea towel on your face, and you didn't react. Anne looks at the towel, then at Georges, and shakes her head, perturbed that she can't understand. Georges looks at her. He sees the damp marks on the collar of her robe.	GEORGES (CONT'D)	 Look... There's still dampness on your collar. Anne follows his gesture, tugs on her collar and sees the damp marks. She slowly grasps that something is awry.	Amour 
GEORGES	 Can you remember that?	ANNE	 (more and more desperate, close to tears) No I can't! Do you want to torture me? Leave me in peace! Georges looks at her.	GEORGES	 Don't you think it would be better to fetch Dr. Bertier?	ANNE	 No! She takes her cup of tea, as if to show how well she is, and drinks it up. When she wants to re-fill her cup, she completely misses her aim. She notices it, puts down her cup and bursts into tears.	Amour 
GEORGES	 Did you both make up?	EVA	 (with a little laugh) My God, you know him, don't you? Over the winter, he suddenly discovered his passion for a viola player who'd been in our ensemble for years. What can I tell you? It was a huge drama, and the poor little darling wound up trying to commit suicide. That scared him and he came back to me in full remorse. I've got used to it now. What's a bit embarrassing is that the ensemble, you can't keep any secrets from anyone.	GEORGES	 Do you love him?	EVA	 Yes, I think so. Brief PAUSE.	Amour 
SUPERINTENDENT	 Goodbye. He leaves the apartment. There is a brief moment of perplexity. Then Georges says:	GEORGES	 (with a nervous smile) Where do you want...	ANNE	 In the living room. Georges pushes her toward the living room door, walks around			Amour 
GEORGES	 Shall I make some tea?	ANNE	 (with a faint smile) First come sit with me. George registers her smile; he knows he's behaving in a clumsy way. He sits down in one of the two arm chairs.	ANNE (CONT'D)	 Can you help me into the chair? Georges stands back up.	GEORGES		Amour 
GEORGES	 (softly almost to himself) I'm glad you're back.	ANNE	 (in a voice just as soft) Me too. Another PAUSE. Then Anne says:	ANNE (CONT'D)	 Promise me one thing.	GEORGES	 What?	Amour 
ANNE (CONT'D)	 Go over there now. I'm not a cripple. You can easily leave me alone for two minutes. I won't collapse.	GEORGES	 (with a slight smile) OK.	ANNE	 Did you buy the new book on Harnoncourt?			Amour 
GEORGES (CONT'D)	 I thought I'd left it over there in the other room, but I'd already put it away. Tidy people just can't help being tidy.	ANNE	 (taking the book) Thanks. She puts the book on her stomach. Looks at Georges.	ANNE (CONT'D)	 Right now, take care of yourself. And don't wait to see how I hold the book in my hand, OK?	GEORGES		Amour 
ANNE	 You're mean. What would you say if no one came to your funeral?	GEORGES	 (dryly) Nothing, presumably. She shoots him a glance, smiles at his irony. Then she says:	ANNE	 Have you talked to Jeanne since I was in the hospital? I mean, does she know I can't come?	GEORGES	 Of course.	Amour 
ANNE	 How?	GEORGES	 (a bit irritated) My God, what are people like when they're shocked? She couldn't believe it, she was speechless. I don't remember any more. In any case, not exactly. I've spoken to a lot of people since. PAUSE.	ANNE	 Sorry.			Amour 
ANNE	 Martin! What a delight. How lovely to see you! The (male or female) soloist has got up and doesn't quite know how to handle the situation.	SOLOIST	 Mrs. Laurent! Lovely to see you too.	ANNE	 Don't get up. Come on, sit yourself down and don't look so shocked. The soloist sits down hesitantly, Georges pushes the wheelchair between the two armchairs and also sits down. Brief embarrassed PAUSE.			Amour 
ANNE	 You owe it to your hard work and your talent.	SOLOIST	 (shaking his head a little) Do you remember, when you first gave me the Bagatelles to play? I was twelve at the time, and in my youthful arrogance I said: "But why the Bagatelles?" And you really gave me a piece of your mind. They both smile. PAUSE. Then he goes on:	SOLOIST (CONT'D)	 So what happened?			Amour 
SOLOIST	 Well, actually I've spent most of the time in London studying. Then I went to Copenhagen for two performances, that was Schubert too. My whole life revolves around Schubert at the moment. The concerts with the Impromptus and the Moments Musicaux, and for my bread-and-butter work I'm developing the sonatas. Not the late ones, I think I still need a couple more years for those. (The dialogue concerning music will be modified according to the performer chosen.)	ANNE	 Could you do me a favor?	SOLOIST				Amour 
GEORGES (CONT'D)	 Look at that! Did you need to do that? Can't you call me when you need something?	ANNE	 (meekly) I'm sorry.	GEORGES		(STILL FURIOUS)	 Yes, so am I.	Amour 
ANNE	 What was it? He doesn't answer. Continues breathing heavily. She caresses him.	GEORGES	 (still with labored breathing) I didn't understand... I thought I'd gone mad... It was something impossible...	ANNE	 What was?			Amour 
ANNE (CONT'D)	 Thanks.	GEORGES	 (a bit irritated) You're welcome. With her able hand, Anne opens the album, looks at the photos, turns the pages, looks.	ANNE	 That's nice.	GEORGES	 (self-consciously, softly) What?	Amour 
ANNE	 That's nice.	GEORGES	 (self-consciously, softly) What?	ANNE	 Life...so long... What a long life... Georges looks at her. She continues to thumb through the pages. After a while she turns toward him.			Amour 
ANNE (CONT'D)	 Stop watching me.	GEORGES	 (caught in the act) I wasn't watching you.	ANNE	 Of course you were. I'm not that dumb yet.			Amour 
NURSE	 You mustn't take it too seriously. Usually they always say something. She might just as well say "Mom, Mom, Mom". It's just mechanical.	GEORGES	 (nodding, softly) I know. They've reached the door.	NURSE	 Goodbye, sir.			Amour 
GEORGES (CONT'D)	 (slowly, softly) I'd like to hire a second nurse. The two could take turns. That would make everything a bit simpler. What do you think? Long PAUSE. Then:	ANNE	 (softly) ...Help...Help...					Amour 
SUPERINTENDENT	 My wife and I, we're very impressed by the way you're managing everything. I take my hat off to you. As he speaks, Georges' mobile phone has started to ring.	GEORGES	 (taking the mobile phone from the pocket of his jacket) That's very kind of you. Thanks. See you soon.	SUPERINTENDENT	 Give my regards to your wife.	GEORGES	 I certainly will. Thanks.	Amour 
ANNE	 ... Ssssur le pont ...	GEORGES	 (smiling to encourage her): ... Sur le pont d'Avignon...	ANNE	 ... ssur... le ..	GEORGES	 ... pont... Sur le pont d'Avignon... (he begins to sing): Sur le pont d'Avignon on y danse, on y danse, sur le pont d'Avignon tout le monde y danse en rond... He encourages her to sing with him. Starts singing again:	Amour 
ANNE	 ... ssur... le ..	GEORGES	 ... pont... Sur le pont d'Avignon... (he begins to sing): Sur le pont d'Avignon on y danse, on y danse, sur le pont d'Avignon tout le monde y danse en rond... He encourages her to sing with him. Starts singing again:	GEORGES (CONT'D)	 Sur le pont d' Avignon, on y danse, on y danse ... Anne tries to sing too, she has a hint of a smile on her face, but she produces only isolated SOUNDS.			Amour 
NURSE	 No one has ever complained.	GEORGES	 Good for you. (To get rid of her) How much do I owe you?	NURSE	 (after a brief calculation) Seven hundred and eighty euros. Georges takes his wallet from his jacket hanging on the armchair and takes out eight one-hundred euro bills. The nurse is hopping mad.	NURSE (CONT'D)	 I've never had anything like this happen to me before. Who do you think you are?! I've been doing this job for ten years. I don't need you to teach me how to do it.	Amour 
GEORGES	 Good for you. (To get rid of her) How much do I owe you?	NURSE	 (after a brief calculation) Seven hundred and eighty euros. Georges takes his wallet from his jacket hanging on the armchair and takes out eight one-hundred euro bills. The nurse is hopping mad.	NURSE (CONT'D)	 I've never had anything like this happen to me before. Who do you think you are?! I've been doing this job for ten years. I don't need you to teach me how to do it.	GEORGES	 Do you have twenty euros?	Amour 
GEORGES	 Eva?	EVA'S VOICE	 (a bit irritated) Yes. Georges, panicked, thinks for a few seconds.	GEORGES	 Just a minute. He goes toward the bedroom door, locks it and puts the key in his pocket. He goes into the dining room, also closes the door leading to the bedroom. He comes back. He is about to go toward the front door, but remains motionless an instant, opens the door of the toilet that is located just nearby, flushes the toilet, closes the toilet door again and opens the front door.	GEORGES (CONT'D)	 Hello. A brief kiss hello.	Amour 
EVA	 What's going to happen now?	GEORGES	 (with a little ironic laugh) What's going to happen now? The nurse comes twice a week, and every two weeks Dr. Bertier and the hairdresser come. That's what you want to know, right? Things will go on as they have done up until now. They'll go from bad to worse. Things will go on, and then one day it will all be over. Brief PAUSE.	EVA	 You can't go on like this, Dad.	GEORGES	 Can't I? What do you suggest?	Amour 
ANNE	 (in a rush)... short... short dress... only I... only I... all long... it was... (with a small gesture to imitate a bell): ding... dong...	GEORGES		(SMILING)	 Yes, it swung to and fro.			Amour 
(SMILING)	 Yes, it swung to and fro.	ANNE	 (still rushed) ... yes... to ... fro ... you... very serious... like that... (she imitates a serious countenance, continues in a low voice): like that... serious...	GEORGES	 (unable to keep from laughing a little) Yes. I think I was pretty uptight.	ANNE	 (smiling) yes... up... tight... PAUSE. Anne puts her hand on Georges'.	Amour 
ANNE	 (still rushed) ... yes... to ... fro ... you... very serious... like that... (she imitates a serious countenance, continues in a low voice): like that... serious...	GEORGES	 (unable to keep from laughing a little) Yes. I think I was pretty uptight.	ANNE	 (smiling) yes... up... tight... PAUSE. Anne puts her hand on Georges'.	ANNE (CONT'D)	 ... it was n...nice...	Amour 
GEORGES	 (unable to keep from laughing a little) Yes. I think I was pretty uptight.	ANNE	 (smiling) yes... up... tight... PAUSE. Anne puts her hand on Georges'.	ANNE (CONT'D)	 ... it was n...nice... SILENCE.			Amour 
ANNE'S VOICE	 (loud) Help... Help... Help... Help... Help... Georges wipes his face and, to the sound of Anne's cries, crosses the hallway and enters the bedroom. Anne continues to cry out in a monotone to herself. Georges goes over to her bed.	GEORGES	 (trying to calm her like a sick child) What is it?..	GEORGES (CONT'D)	 Are you in pain?... What's the matter?... Is your pad full? He raises her blanket for an instant and sniffs, then replaces it.			Amour 
