DUCKS	 It's Peezee. Gotta be.    He hates your fuckin' guts.	CAESAR	 (brooding) I don't know.	DUCKS	 Who else knew about the money? And how did Peezee know they popped Tony Cisco when we didn't even hear about it 'til last night?	CAESAR	 (sighs heavily) I don't know.	Analyze That 
DUCKS	 Who else knew about the money? And how did Peezee know they popped Tony Cisco when we didn't even hear about it 'til last night?	CAESAR	 (sighs heavily) I don't know.	DUCKS	 (pressing) What is so hard to understand here? You said yourself Peezee was a mamaluke and you couldn't trust him. Now suddenly you're soft on the guy?	CAESAR	 I just don't think it was him.	Analyze That 
CAESAR	 (sighs heavily) I don't know.	DUCKS	 (pressing) What is so hard to understand here? You said yourself Peezee was a mamaluke and you couldn't trust him. Now suddenly you're soft on the guy?	CAESAR	 I just don't think it was him.	DUCKS	 Okay, I'll bite. If not Peezee, then who?	Analyze That 
DUCKS	 Okay, I'll bite. If not Peezee, then who?	CAESAR	 (slowly rising to his full height) I think it was you, Ducks. Caesar starts to walk away as the bartender, now holding a sawed-off shotgun, moves closer to Ducks. The exotic dancer splits in a hurry through a curtain at the back of the stage.	DUCKS	 (scared) You gotta be kiddin'! Caesar stops at the door where two of his soldiers have	DUCKS	 Caesar, you know me! What kind of fuckin' idiot would I have to be to try that shit with you?	Analyze That 
CAESAR	 (slowly rising to his full height) I think it was you, Ducks. Caesar starts to walk away as the bartender, now holding a sawed-off shotgun, moves closer to Ducks. The exotic dancer splits in a hurry through a curtain at the back of the stage.	DUCKS	 (scared) You gotta be kiddin'! Caesar stops at the door where two of his soldiers have	DUCKS	 Caesar, you know me! What kind of fuckin' idiot would I have to be to try that shit with you?	CAESAR	 A dead fuckin' idiot. As he walks out the door, the soldiers OPEN FIRE on Marty "Ducks." Caesar doesn't look back.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 Why?	EARL	 (shrugs) Don't know. Thanks for looking out for me, Mr. Vitti.	VITTI	 Yeah.     Take it easy. He notices something in the box.	VITTI	 Hey, Earl.     Is that my after-shave?	Analyze That 
VITTI	 Hey, Earl.     Is that my after-shave?	EARL	 (blanches) I'm sorry. I just grabbed stuff -- I didn't know --	VITTI	 That's okay.     Keep it.   Go ahead.	EARL	 Thanks.     See you around. Earl exits with the guard. Vitti hesitates a moment, then	Analyze That 
RABBI	 And now I'd like to call on Isaac's son, Dr. Ben Sobel, who would like to say a few words. Ben rises and crosses solemnly to the podium.	BEN	 (addressing audience) It's very difficult for me to talk about my father, because in a sense I'm talking about two men.	BEN (CONT'D)	 One, of    course, is the public Isaac Sobel,    the eminent psychotherapist and popular    author known to millions of readers    around the world. Laura, Michael and Ben's Mother listen proudly to the eulogy.	BEN	 The second Isaac Sobel is the private man -- my father -- Dad. And for those of you who knew him well and knew our family -- well, let's face it -- my father was a psychotic, mind- fucking prick. An arrogant, abusive, ego-inflated --	Analyze That 
VITTI	 Not a good time? Let me explain something to you. I'm in fucking Hell right now. This is not a good time.	BEN	 (sotto voce) I can't talk right now.     My father died!	VITTI	 So what does that have to do with me?	BEN	 Call me later --	Analyze That 
WISEGUY #2	 Can I have your tapioca?	COYOTE	 (to Vitti) Hey, Fredo! Or is it Guido? His friends laugh. Vitti stops and stares dumbly at them.	COYOTE	 Just keep walkin', Don Corleone. There is a tense moment, then Vitti bursts out laughing.	COYOTE	 Shut up! Vitti laughs harder, strangely manic.	Analyze That 
COYOTE	 You're a dead man, jefe! Coyote lunges at Vitti with the knife, but Vitti suddenly whirls around, bashes Coyote in the face with his food tray and bursts into song.	VITTI	 (singing, with appropriate dance moves) 'When you're a Jet, You're a Jet all the way, From your first cigarette To your last dyin' day...' Prisoners and guards stare at him like he's nuts. Coyote stabs at him again, but Vitti dodges and smashes him over the head with the tray.	VITTI	 'When you're a Jet, If the shit hits the fan, You got brothers around, You're a family man...'	COYOTE	 You're a dead man, jefe! Coyote rushes him, but Vitti sidesteps and hits him in the face. Guards move in from all sides.   Vitti jumps up on the tabletop to escape them.	Analyze That 
COYOTE	 You're a dead man, jefe! Coyote rushes him, but Vitti sidesteps and hits him in the face. Guards move in from all sides.   Vitti jumps up on the tabletop to escape them.	VITTI	 (kicking at them, singing) 'I like to be in America, Okay by me in America...' The guards drag him down and cuff his hands behind him, then carry him out stiff as a board.	VITTI	 'Tonight, tonight, won't be just any night -- '			Analyze That 
BEN	 (sighs deeply) I can't believe he's gone.	LAURA	 I can't believe what you said about him. Cold and withholding? You had to tell everybody?	MICHAEL	 Nice. Why didn't you just take a swing at the casket?			Analyze That 
MILLER	 Dr. Sobel, I'm Agent Miller, this is Special Agent Cerrone, Federal Bureau of Investigation. We'd just like to ask you a few questions, if we could.	LAURA	 (testy) Can I ask what this is about?    We just came from the cemetery.	CERRONE	 We know this is a difficult time for you, Dr. Sobel. Sorry about your father.	BEN	 Thank you, I'm going to miss him	Analyze That 
BEN	 Michael?	LAURA	 You told her -- (nodding at Agent Cerrone) You told her at the drop of a hat. Agents Cerrone and Miller eye each other.	BEN	 She's with the F.B.I.   She needs to know these things.	LAURA	 Oh, I see. And I don't. Why tell Laura? She couldn't possibly handle a phone call.	Analyze That 
BEN	 No, we're fine.	LAURA	 If you don't need me anymore, I'll be in the kitchen. (to Agent Cerrone) And two words of advice -- from one professional woman to another -- Pant. Suit. She exits.	BEN	 She's grieving. It's a process.	MILLER	 We understand. (prompting) Vitti?	Analyze That 
BEN	 She's grieving. It's a process.	MILLER	 We understand. (prompting) Vitti?	BEN	 Oh, yes. Paul Vitti and I were involved in some organized crime activity a couple of years ago. I mean, I wasn't involved -- not 'involved' involved -- I was just trying to help him therapeutically, and some people tried to, uh, kill us. No big deal.	MILLER	 Well, shortly after you spoke, he	Analyze That 
DR. CUTLER	 I'm treating him with Thioridazine, 300 milligrams, T.I.D. That seems to keep him pretty calm.	BEN	 (watching Vitti) That would keep a parade pretty calm. He just keeps singing West Side Story songs?	DR. CUTLER	 'Tonight,' 'Maria,' the balcony scene.	BEN	 The balcony scene?   Both parts?	Analyze That 
VITTI	 (singing) 'Who's the pretty girl in the mirror	BEN	 Paul, it's me.    Ben Sobel.   Paul? (beat) Maria?	VITTI	 Tony?	BEN	 (with a look to Dr. Cutler) Oh, boy. (to Vitti) What's going on, Maria?	Analyze That 
VITTI	 Tony?	BEN	 (with a look to Dr. Cutler) Oh, boy. (to Vitti) What's going on, Maria?	VITTI	 The rumble -- it's tonight! I have to get out of here. I don't want to die. No, Chino, no! Vitti's jaw suddenly goes slack and he slumps in his seat, staring forward.	BEN	 Paul?   Paul? Ben waves a hand in front of Vitti's face.       Nothing.	Analyze That 
DR. CUTLER	 This is how it's been. He sings for a while, then he goes completely catatonic.	BEN	 (skeptical) Really. Can we take him to an examining room?	DR. CUTLER				Analyze That 
BEN	 Okay -- He sticks the needle into Vitti's shoulder.	VITTI	 (bursts into song) 'Boy, boy, crazy boy, keep cool, boy! Got a rocket in your pocket, keep					Analyze That 
VITTI	 I see you.   I see him.   I see a table.	BEN	 Focus, Paul. You haven't seen the card yet. (hands him first card) What does this look like to you? Take your time. Vitti looks at the wrong side of the card.    It's all white.	VITTI	 It looks like snow.	BEN	 No, Paul, the other side. Vitti turns it over and makes a face.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 A bat.   A big bat. Or a weasel.	BEN	 (taking notes) Bat or weasel. All right.	VITTI	 And he's got a little girl -- no, it's a little boy -- in his teeth -- and he's shakin' him and shakin' him 'cause the kid didn't wipe himself good -- and the kid is screaming because the bat-weasel ripped out his throat and the blood is shootin' out of his neck vein. (pointing) That's the blood. Doctor Cutler looks worried.	BEN	 (skeptical) See anything else?	Analyze That 
BEN	 (taking notes) Bat or weasel. All right.	VITTI	 And he's got a little girl -- no, it's a little boy -- in his teeth -- and he's shakin' him and shakin' him 'cause the kid didn't wipe himself good -- and the kid is screaming because the bat-weasel ripped out his throat and the blood is shootin' out of his neck vein. (pointing) That's the blood. Doctor Cutler looks worried.	BEN	 (skeptical) See anything else?	VITTI	 Just the pussy with the teeth.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 And he's got a little girl -- no, it's a little boy -- in his teeth -- and he's shakin' him and shakin' him 'cause the kid didn't wipe himself good -- and the kid is screaming because the bat-weasel ripped out his throat and the blood is shootin' out of his neck vein. (pointing) That's the blood. Doctor Cutler looks worried.	BEN	 (skeptical) See anything else?	VITTI	 Just the pussy with the teeth.	BEN	 (making more notes) Pussy with teeth. Next card.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 Just the pussy with the teeth.	BEN	 (making more notes) Pussy with teeth. Next card.					Analyze That 
VITTI	 This is a picture of a guy -- nice, hardworking guy -- comes home and finds out his wife's been screwin' this midget while he was out of town.	BEN	 (appalled, makes a note) Screwing a midget. And how does the story end?	VITTI	 I think he works over the midget for a while, then he blows 'em away.	BEN	 The wife or the midget?	Analyze That 
BEN	 The wife or the midget?	VITTI	 (smirks)					Analyze That 
BEN	 A day, a week, up to a month -- if the precipitating stressors are removed.	CHAPIN	 (musing) Which means he's not going to get any better while he's still in the can.	BEN	 He could get worse. He could deteriorate to the point where he'd be permanently schizophrenic.	CHAPIN	 Then I'd say he's got a real problem, because he goes before the parole board in four weeks.	Analyze That 
CHAPIN	 Oh, yeah, I'm sure they'll want to release a major Mafia figure who's now totally deranged on top of it.	BEN	 (thinks) Well, couldn't you release him to    a halfway house or some place where    he could get some decent treatment? Based on my earlier work with him,    I don't think he's dangerous, and I think he was making a real effort    to reform himself.	CHAPIN	 You do, huh? (thinks for a long moment) Okay. Then I'll tell you what. I'm gonna release him into your custody.	BEN	 Mine? Me? No, this is a bad time for me. My father just died -- and I've got this bulging disc in my neck -- and we're redecorating, which is a total nightmare. I can't --	Analyze That 
BEN	 (thinks) Well, couldn't you release him to    a halfway house or some place where    he could get some decent treatment? Based on my earlier work with him,    I don't think he's dangerous, and I think he was making a real effort    to reform himself.	CHAPIN	 You do, huh? (thinks for a long moment) Okay. Then I'll tell you what. I'm gonna release him into your custody.	BEN	 Mine? Me? No, this is a bad time for me. My father just died -- and I've got this bulging disc in my neck -- and we're redecorating, which is a total nightmare. I can't --	CHAPIN	 You want to see him killed in prison?	Analyze That 
CHAPIN	 Then he's all yours. I'm going to talk to the Bureau of Prisons and get you certified as a temporary federal institution.	BEN	 (stricken) What?    I can't be an institution.	CHAPIN	 (firm) You've got thirty days to get him in shape for his parole hearing. That means sane, sober and gainfully employed. But let me warn you, Doctor. If he fucks up in any way -- if he flees, or if I find out that this whole thing was just a setup so he could get back on the street and return to a life of crime -- I will hold you totally responsible, and I'll see that you are stripped of your license and prosecuted to the full extent of the law. Are we clear?	BEN	 (gulp) Yes.    We're clear.	Analyze That 
BEN	 (stricken) What?    I can't be an institution.	CHAPIN	 (firm) You've got thirty days to get him in shape for his parole hearing. That means sane, sober and gainfully employed. But let me warn you, Doctor. If he fucks up in any way -- if he flees, or if I find out that this whole thing was just a setup so he could get back on the street and return to a life of crime -- I will hold you totally responsible, and I'll see that you are stripped of your license and prosecuted to the full extent of the law. Are we clear?	BEN	 (gulp) Yes.    We're clear.	CHAPIN	 You still want him?	Analyze That 
CHAPIN	 (firm) You've got thirty days to get him in shape for his parole hearing. That means sane, sober and gainfully employed. But let me warn you, Doctor. If he fucks up in any way -- if he flees, or if I find out that this whole thing was just a setup so he could get back on the street and return to a life of crime -- I will hold you totally responsible, and I'll see that you are stripped of your license and prosecuted to the full extent of the law. Are we clear?	BEN	 (gulp) Yes.    We're clear.	CHAPIN	 You still want him?	BEN	 (long beat to decide)	Analyze That 
CHAPIN	 You still want him?	BEN	 (long beat to decide)					Analyze That 
BEN	 Are you hearing yourself?	VITTI	 (perfunctorily) I'm deeply sorry for your loss.	BEN	 Yeah, I can see how touched you are.	VITTI	 What's the difference?   You hated him anyway.	Analyze That 
DAVIS	 He's gonna head straight for trouble. Then all we have to do is sit back and pick up the pieces. We could get twenty, maybe even thirty indictments next time the grand jury convenes.	CHAPIN	 (smiles) You know, Giuliani started this way.	DAVIS	 You running for mayor?	CHAPIN		Analyze That 
BEN	 His life was threatened and he didn't want to endanger his family.	LAURA	 How thoughtful! What about endangering our family? (worried) I think my teeth are loose.     Feel my teeth.	BEN	 Honey, your teeth are fine. I know it's an imposition, but what could I do? I didn't want him here. They -	LAURA	 You didn't want him, I didn't want him, but here he is! She looks up and jumps when she sees Vitti standing there.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 So what's the holdup?	LAURA	 (to Ben) Why don't you make your friend some coffee. I'm going upstairs to take a long bath and hopefully drown. Laura smiles at the two men, then exits.	BEN	 You'll have to forgive her.     She's usually a great hostess.	VITTI	 I understand. She's uncomfortable. The whole situation's a little awkward with me bein' here -- but let's face it, Emily fuckin' Post she's not.	Analyze That 
BEN	 They won't stay late, will they?	VITTI	 (stares at him) Are you really that pussy-whipped?	BEN	 I'm not -- this has nothing to do with Laura.	VITTI	 I heard her busting your balls.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 Good night, Whippy.	BEN	 (calls after him) Remember, this is only temporary.	VITTI	 Oh, really? I didn't hear you the tenth fuckin' time.			Analyze That 
LAURA	 Oh, give me a break.    She's got to be	BEN	 (suggestively) That's not entirely true.	LAURA	 Okay, sometimes you do sound like that. The O.S. MOANING kicks up another notch. Laura rolls over and jams her pillow over her ears. Ben growls, exasperated.			Analyze That 
VITTI	 What?	BEN	 (indignant) I have a 17-year-old son.	VITTI	 So let him get his own fuckin' girl.	BEN	 Can I talk to you, please?	Analyze That 
BEN	 I'm not trying to punish you. These aren't my rules, but I have a responsibility here. Besides, I thought you might like a nice home- cooked meal after being in prison that long.	VITTI	 Yeah, that's what I've been jerkin' off about for eight hundred consecutive nights -- a nice home- cooked meal. (making a jerking motion) Ohhhh, tuna casserole.	BEN	 That girl is not staying here.	VITTI	 I think you're jealous.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 Hey, if you're really quiet, you might be able to do it without even wakin' up your wife.	SHEILA (O.S.)	 (moaning) Ohhh.   Ohhh. Ben looks curiously at Vitti.	VITTI	 I told her if I wasn't back in two minutes to start without me. I gotta go. Vitti heads back upstairs.	BEN		Analyze That 
LAURA	 Aunt Ester, I'm so sorry we had to put you up at the hotel. We wanted you here with us, but we had an unexpected house guest. She glares at Ben.	AUNT ESTHER	 (sighs) Your father always had room for us.	BEN	 I'm sorry. (mutters to Laura) Next time I lose a parent, I'll be sure to reserve the guest room. A DOOR SLAMS somewhere, then Sheila storms into the room sobbing, her hair askew, tucking her blouse into her skirt.	SHEILA	 (screaming) Go to hell, Paul! You just go to hell!	Analyze That 
AUNT ESTHER	 (sighs) Your father always had room for us.	BEN	 I'm sorry. (mutters to Laura) Next time I lose a parent, I'll be sure to reserve the guest room. A DOOR SLAMS somewhere, then Sheila storms into the room sobbing, her hair askew, tucking her blouse into her skirt.	SHEILA	 (screaming) Go to hell, Paul! You just go to hell!	VITTI (O.S.)	 Go ahead! Get out of here, you crazy fuckin' whore. Vitti charges into the room, his robe open. From the reactions of everyone in the room, it's clear he's not wearing anything under it.	Analyze That 
BEN	 I'm sorry. (mutters to Laura) Next time I lose a parent, I'll be sure to reserve the guest room. A DOOR SLAMS somewhere, then Sheila storms into the room sobbing, her hair askew, tucking her blouse into her skirt.	SHEILA	 (screaming) Go to hell, Paul! You just go to hell!	VITTI (O.S.)	 Go ahead! Get out of here, you crazy fuckin' whore. Vitti charges into the room, his robe open. From the reactions of everyone in the room, it's clear he's not wearing anything under it.	VITTI	 Go back to turning tricks in Jersey for all I fuckin' care. Sheila exits and slams the front door.   Vitti sees everyone staring at him. He closes his robe.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 How's it goin'? (sees buffet) Oh, we got food. Good. Vitti heads for the buffet.	LAURA	 (smiling) Ben?	BEN	 (quickly) Paul?	VITTI	 Oh, great. Jew food. Who do you have to fuck to get some bacon around here? The woman reacts in horror.	Analyze That 
LAURA	 (smiling) Ben?	BEN	 (quickly) Paul?	VITTI	 Oh, great. Jew food. Who do you have to fuck to get some bacon around here? The woman reacts in horror.	VITTI	 Not you, I'm guessing.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 Not you, I'm guessing.	BEN	 (snags Vitti's arm) Why don't we go to my office?   I'll					Analyze That 
BEN	 Just answer the question.     What are you?	VITTI	 (shrugs) I'm the boss.	BEN	 Really? The boss of what -- Jelly? You're not the boss of me. So what are you the boss of?	VITTI	 You, you're good. I see what you're doing here.	Analyze That 
BEN	 Then tell me.    I'm not here to judge you.	VITTI	 (a beat) Okay. When I was really little -- like seven or eight -- maybe I wanted to be a cowboy.	BEN	 A cowboy.   Really?	VITTI	 Yeah. My father gave   me a cowboy suit -- you know, the  vest, the chaps, the cap guns --  the whole thing. And he used to   take me up to my uncle's farm in  New Jersey and lead me around on  this pony. Yippee-i-o. You happy   now?	Analyze That 
BEN	 Sheriff Dillon.	VITTI	 (corrects him) Marshal Dillon.	BEN	 Marshal.    So who were your favorite cowboys?	VITTI	 This is so fuckin' retarded.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 What?	BEN	 (prompting) Something that made you very sad?	VITTI	 The Dodgers moved from Brooklyn to L.A. Everybody took it pretty hard.	BEN	 Something else.	Analyze That 
BEN	 He didn't want you in the gang life. He only did it himself so you wouldn't have to. He was trying to buy you a better life than his.	VITTI	 (crying harder) He always said he wanted me to go to college. I didn't even finish high school. He really starts sobbing now.	BEN	 Well, Paul, this could be a  great opportunity for you. You're   right back where you were when you  were twelve. You've got some big   choices to make. Vitti fights to regain control.	VITTI	 Okay.   Okay.   That's enough of that shit.	Analyze That 
BEN	 It's not shit, Paul. My point is, when you're a child, you think anything is possible. Wouldn't it be great to think like that now?	VITTI	 (retreating back into his cynicism) Yeah, just sprinkle some fuckin' fairy dust on me.	BEN	 I'm just saying you've got to keep an open mind and explore some new possibilities. Try some different things -- maybe you'll connect with one of them. There's a career counselor I work with. I can call him for you. He may be able to help you find a job.	VITTI	 You mean working for somebody? I'm supposed to take orders from some guy who used to get me coffee? (starts sweating and	Analyze That 
BEN	 I'm just saying you've got to keep an open mind and explore some new possibilities. Try some different things -- maybe you'll connect with one of them. There's a career counselor I work with. I can call him for you. He may be able to help you find a job.	VITTI	 You mean working for somebody? I'm supposed to take orders from some guy who used to get me coffee? (starts sweating and	BEN	 How do you know unless you try? Suddenly one of the WINDOWS behind Vitti SHATTERS. Ben dives for cover. Silence -- then another RAP on the window. Ben looks out and sees JELLY in the back yard, tossing stones at the window.	JELLY	 (calls out) Hiya, Doc. Sorry about the window.	Analyze That 
BEN	 How do you know unless you try? Suddenly one of the WINDOWS behind Vitti SHATTERS. Ben dives for cover. Silence -- then another RAP on the window. Ben looks out and sees JELLY in the back yard, tossing stones at the window.	JELLY	 (calls out) Hiya, Doc. Sorry about the window.					Analyze That 
JELLY (CONT'D)	 She was always hockin' me a chinick about the madels. A wonderful woman, my mother, but she fuckin' hates the Hebes.	LAURA	 Really. (noting mountain of food on his plate) More smoked salmon? Don't be shy. Ben enters.	BEN	 Jelly -- what are you doing here?	JELLY	 Makin' new friends. How's it going, Doc? I brought some clothes for Mr. Vitti.	Analyze That 
JELLY	 Makin' new friends. How's it going, Doc? I brought some clothes for Mr. Vitti.	LAURA	 (indicating the door) Ben?	BEN	 That's great, Jelly. I'd love to catch up with you -- outside.	JELLY	 (rising) You got it. (to Laura) Thanks, Mrs. S. (to others) So long, everybody.    Ess gesunterhait.	Analyze That 
BEN	 That's great, Jelly. I'd love to catch up with you -- outside.	JELLY	 (rising) You got it. (to Laura) Thanks, Mrs. S. (to others) So long, everybody.    Ess gesunterhait.					Analyze That 
JELLY	 So. Long time no see.     You look good, Doc.	BEN	 (trying to be pleasant) And you, Jelly -- you look -- (can't find words for how he looks) Did you get a haircut? I thought you were in prison.	JELLY	 It would appear not.	BEN	 How'd you get out?	Analyze That 
JELLY	 Yeah, but it is short. Vitti, now dressed, comes out of the house and crosses to the car.	BEN	 (to Vitti) Where are you going?	VITTI	 I got stuff to do.	BEN	 What kind of stuff?	Analyze That 
BEN	 What kind of stuff?	VITTI	 (as he gets into the car) Calm down. I'll be back.	BEN	 You can't leave without my permission.	VITTI	 Oh, yeah?   Watch me.   Drive, Jelly.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 Stop sweating, Doc.     I'll be back. Vitti puts the window up.	BEN	 (shouts anxiously) If you screw this up, Paul -- Paul! The car pulls away.	BEN	 (angrily) Shit!   Shit, shit, shit! Ben turns and sees his Aunt Goldie on the porch.	AUNT GOLDIE		Analyze That 
VITTI	 Yeah, okay, I'll think about it.	MASIELLO	 (brightening) Hey, what is this -- a fuckin' funeral here? You just got back from college for Chrissakes. We should be havin' a party for you. (to bartender) Hey, Nino, give everybody a round here. We gotta drink to Paul.	VITTI	 I can't, Sal.    I gotta go talk to the boss.	MASIELLO	 I understand. No problem. It's good to have you back, Paul. (embraces him) Don't forget what I said. We're countin' on you.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 I can't, Sal.    I gotta go talk to the boss.	MASIELLO	 I understand. No problem. It's good to have you back, Paul. (embraces him) Don't forget what I said. We're countin' on you.					Analyze That 
VITTI	 Where is she?	PATTY (O.S.)	 (calls out)					Analyze That 
VITTI	 I'll bet -- especially with all the talk about you being the one who put him there.	PATTY	 That's why I try not to gossip, Paul. It's ugly. Just a sec. (screaming to ceiling) Michelle! Teresa! It's ten-thirty! Stop fucking around and get ready for ballet! (to Vitti) It's hard being a single parent and a career woman.	VITTI	 Yeah, I'm sure you're very busy.	PATTY	 The pressure -- it's awful. For instance, a lot of people think, now that you're out, you're going to try and take the family back from me. But I said, no, Paul would never do that. (smiling) By the way, how are Marie and the kids? Still in Ohio? In Shaker Heights? At 1356 Locust? Vitti explodes, reaches across the counter and grabs her by the shoulders.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 Yeah, I'm sure you're very busy.	PATTY	 The pressure -- it's awful. For instance, a lot of people think, now that you're out, you're going to try and take the family back from me. But I said, no, Paul would never do that. (smiling) By the way, how are Marie and the kids? Still in Ohio? In Shaker Heights? At 1356 Locust? Vitti explodes, reaches across the counter and grabs her by the shoulders.	VITTI	 (enraged) You even go near them, you crazy bitch	--		Analyze That 
PATTY	 The pressure -- it's awful. For instance, a lot of people think, now that you're out, you're going to try and take the family back from me. But I said, no, Paul would never do that. (smiling) By the way, how are Marie and the kids? Still in Ohio? In Shaker Heights? At 1356 Locust? Vitti explodes, reaches across the counter and grabs her by the shoulders.	VITTI	 (enraged) You even go near them, you crazy bitch	--		PATTY	 (quietly) Don't make me call my guys in. You may need the shit kicked out of you, but not in here. I just mopped. Vitti lets her go.	Analyze That 
--		PATTY	 (quietly) Don't make me call my guys in. You may need the shit kicked out of you, but not in here. I just mopped. Vitti lets her go.	PATTY	 (smoothing clothes, flushed and a little excited) Wow.   Have you been working out?	VITTI	 Yeah, I been workin' out who's trying	Analyze That 
VITTI	 So then you didn't have nothin' to do with it.	PATTY	 (hurt) Oh, Paul. You actually think I would kill you? All the years we've known each other -- the Christmas parties, the fun times at the beach. It wouldn't be right. I want us to be friends. (smiles demurely) Who knows? Maybe we'll be more than friends. Want to lick my beaters? She holds the beaters out to him.	VITTI	 (declining) Thanks. I gotta see a guy about a business thing.	PATTY	 What kind of business? You know, if you get something going, we would expect some kind of consideration -- a little taste.	Analyze That 
PATTY	 (hurt) Oh, Paul. You actually think I would kill you? All the years we've known each other -- the Christmas parties, the fun times at the beach. It wouldn't be right. I want us to be friends. (smiles demurely) Who knows? Maybe we'll be more than friends. Want to lick my beaters? She holds the beaters out to him.	VITTI	 (declining) Thanks. I gotta see a guy about a business thing.	PATTY	 What kind of business? You know, if you get something going, we would expect some kind of consideration -- a little taste.	VITTI	 No, this is a legitimate business.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 No, this is a legitimate business.	PATTY	 (shudders) Oh, Paul. I just got a chill.	VITTI	 I just want to be left alone.   Put my life back together -- straight  up this time. Put the word out, will   ya? Nobody's got nothin' to worry  about from me.	PATTY	 Sure, Paul.    I understand. He heads for the door.	Analyze That 
JOEY BOOTS	 You're working here?	VITTI	 (dying) Nah -- not really. It's like -- I'm on parole, so I just -- I come in, I greet people.	JOEY BOOTS	 Okay. I get it. Nice seein' you, Paul. Don't want to hold you up. You got people to seat. Joey and his guys walk away, they turn back and glance at Vitti, then whisper something in audible to each other and laugh.			Analyze That 
YOUNG MAN	 This stone is supposed to be a 'G' color, but it looks kind of yellow, doesn't it?	VITTI	 (distracted) Fluorescent light. Makes everything look yellow.					Analyze That 
VITTI	 (sweating) What am I -- Edison?    I'm telling you, it's a 'G.' He glances at the surveillance cameras.	YOUNG MAN						Analyze That 
VITTI	 (completely distracted) What?	FIANCEE						Analyze That 
VITTI	 (distraught) I can't deal with this shit. My grades suck, I'm gettin' in fights every day, and if I get suspended again my mother's gonna fuckin' kill me -- if the nuns don't kill me first.	BEN	 (nodding) Eins, zwei, drei!	VITTI	 What? VITTI'S MOTHER is sitting next to him.	VITTI'S MOTHER	 (elbows him) Sit up straight! Pay attention when the doctor talks to you. This is costing money. Ben (Freud) has a large TAXI METER TICKING away beside him.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 What? VITTI'S MOTHER is sitting next to him.	VITTI'S MOTHER	 (elbows him) Sit up straight! Pay attention when the doctor talks to you. This is costing money. Ben (Freud) has a large TAXI METER TICKING away beside him.	VITTI	 Ma?   What are you doin' here?	BEN (FREUD)	 (snorts some cocaine) Acht gemacht gehunden nicht.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 Ma?   What are you doin' here?	BEN (FREUD)	 (snorts some cocaine) Acht gemacht gehunden nicht.	VITTI'S MOTHER	 I tell him the same thing. Suddenly, the WINDOWS are SHATTERED by GUNFIRE.			Analyze That 
VITTI	 Coulda had that sandwich made by now.	LAURA	 (tries new tack) Okay. You don't like me and I don't like you. We can at least agree on that, right?	VITTI	 Okay.	LAURA	 I'm going to be honest with you -- I'm a very anxious person --	Analyze That 
VITTI	 Hey!    Me, too.	LAURA	 We have so much in common. Anyway, this is not helping me, it's not helping my marriage, and I know Ben really needs some alone time. So I'm asking you -- as a human being -- could you please leave? (off Vitti's look) Yes, I'll make you a sandwich.	VITTI	 Ham, cheese, lettuce, tomato, mayonnaise, no onion.			Analyze That 
BEN	 (concerned) Where are you going?	VITTI	 Where am I going? The orphanage found my real parents. They want me back. (to Jelly) Put those in the car. (to Ben) I'm goin' to Jelly's. Jelly carries the luggage to his car parked in the driveway.	BEN	 (to Vitti) The hell you are. You're supposed to be in my custody. We have therapy today.	VITTI	 For what? The more we talk the worse I get. I had that dream again.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 Where am I going? The orphanage found my real parents. They want me back. (to Jelly) Put those in the car. (to Ben) I'm goin' to Jelly's. Jelly carries the luggage to his car parked in the driveway.	BEN	 (to Vitti) The hell you are. You're supposed to be in my custody. We have therapy today.	VITTI	 For what? The more we talk the worse I get. I had that dream again.	BEN	 The one where you're Mussolini?	Analyze That 
BEN	 The limp sword dream?	JELLY	 (at car) I probably shouldn't be listening to this.	VITTI	 So don't!	JELLY	 Sorry.	Analyze That 
JELLY	 Sorry.	BEN	 (to Vitti) Do you think this dream might be sexual?	VITTI	 I know what you're thinkin'. The sword is my cock and I can't get it up, but that ain't it. I saw Sheila last night and I had a hard-on you could swing from.	BEN	 (winces) I don't want to know that.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 I know what you're thinkin'. The sword is my cock and I can't get it up, but that ain't it. I saw Sheila last night and I had a hard-on you could swing from.	BEN	 (winces) I don't want to know that.	VITTI	 You coulda hung wet towels on it.	JELLY	 (calls out) He's like a racehorse in that area.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 You coulda hung wet towels on it.	JELLY	 (calls out) He's like a racehorse in that area.	BEN	 Okay!   I get it.	VITTI	 (to  Jelly) Wait in the  car! (to  Ben) So what does  it mean? Ben sits on the wicker divan.	Analyze That 
BEN	 Okay!   I get it.	VITTI	 (to  Jelly) Wait in the  car! (to  Ben) So what does  it mean? Ben sits on the wicker divan.	BEN	 Sex can represent a lot of things. In your case I think it's about performance anxiety. Trying to find a job that fits.	VITTI	 Doc -- nothing's gonna fit. That nine-to-five bullshit -- I'll fuckin' kill myself if I have to do that for the rest of my life. You know they take taxes out of your check? What the fuck is that? I'm doomed. I'm gonna end up selling hot dogs on the street. (starts breathing hard and sweating) Look at me. I'm havin' a fuckin' panic attack here. My heart's beatin' like a rabbit.	Analyze That 
BEN	 Sex can represent a lot of things. In your case I think it's about performance anxiety. Trying to find a job that fits.	VITTI	 Doc -- nothing's gonna fit. That nine-to-five bullshit -- I'll fuckin' kill myself if I have to do that for the rest of my life. You know they take taxes out of your check? What the fuck is that? I'm doomed. I'm gonna end up selling hot dogs on the street. (starts breathing hard and sweating) Look at me. I'm havin' a fuckin' panic attack here. My heart's beatin' like a rabbit.	BEN	 You're hyperventilating.	BEN	 Breathe into this. Vitti sits on a wicker chair.	Analyze That 
BEN	 Breathe into this. Vitti sits on a wicker chair.	VITTI	 (speaks through bag) This is your fault.	BEN	 Excuse me?	VITTI	 Tellin' me I have to get a job like I'm some fuckin' nobody. It was humiliating! Thanks a lot.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 Tellin' me I have to get a job like I'm some fuckin' nobody. It was humiliating! Thanks a lot.	BEN	 (jumps up, in a total rage) Hey, I'm doing the best I can!     If you can't appreciate that, or if my    best isn't good enough for you, then    maybe you should find somebody else to    talk to, you selfish prick! Ben breaks down and cries what amounts to one racking sob, then quickly pulls himself together.	BEN	 Sorry.	VITTI	 What the hell was that?	Analyze That 
RAOUL	 I adore this place. Best sushi in town. Have you tried the yellowtail, Paul? Raoul picks up a floppy piece of raw fish with his chopsticks.	VITTI	 (makes a face) No. We gettin' any real food?     This is like eatin' fuckin' bait. Raoul chuckles and glances uncomfortably at his girlfriend. Ben laughs loudly to cover the awkward moment. He's suffering from some reaction between the pills and the booze and he's oddly thick-lipped.	BEN	 Bait! That's funny. Honey, did you hear what Paul just said? He said this is like eating bait.	LAURA	 (not amused) I heard him. And I think it was 'effing bait.'	Analyze That 
BEN	 Bait! That's funny. Honey, did you hear what Paul just said? He said this is like eating bait.	LAURA	 (not amused) I heard him. And I think it was 'effing bait.'	VITTI	 Why you talkin' like that?	BEN	 Like what?	Analyze That 
VITTI	 Like a fuckin' retard.	BEN	 (pointing to his lower lip) Oh -- this? I took a couple ibuprofen before we got here -- I shouldn't have had the saki. I'll be fine. It only lasts a couple hours. (to Raoul) Rah-oo. Row. Rowl. I guess you need both lips for that name. You know what I love about Paul? He was born without a filter. He says exactly what he's thinking -- just lays it right out there. He doesn't edit himself.	VITTI	 (quietly) You wanna shut the fuck up?	BEN	 See? He just told me to shut the fuck up. No filter. I love that. (to Raoul) Isn't he great?	Analyze That 
BEN	 (pointing to his lower lip) Oh -- this? I took a couple ibuprofen before we got here -- I shouldn't have had the saki. I'll be fine. It only lasts a couple hours. (to Raoul) Rah-oo. Row. Rowl. I guess you need both lips for that name. You know what I love about Paul? He was born without a filter. He says exactly what he's thinking -- just lays it right out there. He doesn't edit himself.	VITTI	 (quietly) You wanna shut the fuck up?	BEN	 See? He just told me to shut the fuck up. No filter. I love that. (to Raoul) Isn't he great?	LAURA	 (aside to Ben) Too much buffering. Way too much.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 (quietly) You wanna shut the fuck up?	BEN	 See? He just told me to shut the fuck up. No filter. I love that. (to Raoul) Isn't he great?	LAURA	 (aside to Ben) Too much buffering. Way too much.	RAOUL	 (eyeing Ben oddly) Yes. Paul, I'm such a huge fan of yours -- not a fan, but you know, an admirer.	Analyze That 
BEN	 See? He just told me to shut the fuck up. No filter. I love that. (to Raoul) Isn't he great?	LAURA	 (aside to Ben) Too much buffering. Way too much.	RAOUL	 (eyeing Ben oddly) Yes. Paul, I'm such a huge fan of yours -- not a fan, but you know, an admirer.	VITTI	 Don't admire me too much.	Analyze That 
LAURA	 (aside to Ben) Too much buffering. Way too much.	RAOUL	 (eyeing Ben oddly) Yes. Paul, I'm such a huge fan of yours -- not a fan, but you know, an admirer.	VITTI	 Don't admire me too much.	RAOUL	 Is there any chance you might be interested in working on 'Little Caesar' as a consultant? Give us technical advice, coach the actors, make sure the dialogue rings true --	Analyze That 
BEN	 Wow. That would be incredible. Did you hear that, Paul? Raoul wants to know if you'd be interested in working on his show as a consultant. You know, give technical advice, coach the actors --	VITTI	 (quietly to Ben) In two seconds I'm gonna put a fork in your eye.	BEN	 (suddenly cowed) Got it.	RAOUL	 So what do you think, Paul?	Analyze That 
VITTI	 (quietly to Ben) In two seconds I'm gonna put a fork in your eye.	BEN	 (suddenly cowed) Got it.	RAOUL	 So what do you think, Paul?	VITTI	 Yeah, sure, whatever.	Analyze That 
SHEILA	 This is so exciting. Mr. Berman, I love your show. Anthony Bella, the guy who plays Nicky Caesar -- I think he grew up in Bensonhurst next door to my cousin's friend's husband.	VITTI	 That's her claim to fame. (to Sheila) I hate to bust your bubble, but he's not from Bensonhurst. He's a professional Italian. He grew up in Connecticut or something like that.	SHEILA	 Well, wherever he's from, I think he's a wonderful actor.	JELLY	 Yeah, I bet he gets a lot of pussy. Laura chokes on her drink.	Analyze That 
BEN	 Hey, speaking of colorful -- this peacock walks into a bar --	LAURA	 Oh, my god. (to a passing waiter, rising her half-empty drink) Could I get another one, please?	BEN	 And one for me.	LAURA	 No.    No more for the Buffer. She glares at Ben as the table descends into silence.	Analyze That 
LAURA	 No.    No more for the Buffer. She glares at Ben as the table descends into silence.	VITTI	 (tries a desperate save) So. I see in the paper where Oklahoma! might win the Tony award.	VITTI	 (shouts) Down!!! He grabs Sheila and pulls her down as GUNFIRE rakes the wall behind them. Everybody else at the table hits the floor. Other diners scream in terror.    Jelly pulls a GUN and SHOOTS back.	BEN	 (to Vitti) What the hell was that?	Analyze That 
VITTI	 (shouts) Down!!! He grabs Sheila and pulls her down as GUNFIRE rakes the wall behind them. Everybody else at the table hits the floor. Other diners scream in terror.    Jelly pulls a GUN and SHOOTS back.	BEN	 (to Vitti) What the hell was that?	VITTI	 I think somebody's got it in for Raoul.	RAOUL	 (wide-eyed) Holy fucking shit. (grinning)	Analyze That 
VITTI	 I think somebody's got it in for Raoul.	RAOUL	 (wide-eyed) Holy fucking shit. (grinning)					Analyze That 
LAURA	 I just want you to be happy. She kisses him.	BEN	 Maybe you're right. (kisses her) Maybe it's time I started focusing on me, and, you know, satisfying some of	LAURA	 (apologetic) Oh, honey, I just brushed my teeth.	BEN	 No, that's not what I meant.     I just need -- (at a loss) I don't know what.	Analyze That 
BEN	 Maybe you're right. (kisses her) Maybe it's time I started focusing on me, and, you know, satisfying some of	LAURA	 (apologetic) Oh, honey, I just brushed my teeth.	BEN	 No, that's not what I meant.     I just need -- (at a loss) I don't know what.			Analyze That 
LAURA	 (apologetic) Oh, honey, I just brushed my teeth.	BEN	 No, that's not what I meant.     I just need -- (at a loss) I don't know what.					Analyze That 
SOLDIER	 What about Vitti?	RIGAZZI	 (musing) He's a hard man to kill. But he's not					Analyze That 
MELLO	 I don't know how you like your sausage? Twenty fuckin' years we been doin' this. So you got the money? The wind shifts and blows the smoke from the barbecue in their faces.	CAESAR	 (coughing, eyes watering) Not all of it. I'm still light about fifteen large. (blinded by smoke) Can we cut? This is ridiculous.	RAOUL (O.S.)	 (shouts) Cut! Can you do something about the fucking smoke?	RAOUL	 (to Vitti) This is the problem with shooting on location. But it's worth it for the authenticity.	Analyze That 
CAESAR	 (coughing, eyes watering) Not all of it. I'm still light about fifteen large. (blinded by smoke) Can we cut? This is ridiculous.	RAOUL (O.S.)	 (shouts) Cut! Can you do something about the fucking smoke?	RAOUL	 (to Vitti) This is the problem with shooting on location. But it's worth it for the authenticity.	VITTI	 Yeah, this is real authentic.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 Yeah, this is real authentic.	RAOUL	 (calls out) Tony! Come here a second. (to Vitti) Anthony Bella. He plays Nicky Caesar.	VITTI	 I know who he is. They used to watch the show up at Sing Sing.	RAOUL	 (delighted) Are you shitting me? ANTHONY BELLA joins them.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 I know who he is. They used to watch the show up at Sing Sing.	RAOUL	 (delighted) Are you shitting me? ANTHONY BELLA joins them.	RAOUL	 Tony, this is Paul Vitti.	TONY BELLA	 (Australian accent) You don't have to tell me who he is. (shakes Paul's hand) It's a pleasure, mate.	Analyze That 
RAOUL	 Tony, this is Paul Vitti.	TONY BELLA	 (Australian accent) You don't have to tell me who he is. (shakes Paul's hand) It's a pleasure, mate.	VITTI	 (reacting to accent) Mate? I don't believe this! You're an English guy? You ain't even Italian.	TONY BELLA	 Australian-Italian. We got some paisans down under.	Analyze That 
TONY BELLA	 (Australian accent) You don't have to tell me who he is. (shakes Paul's hand) It's a pleasure, mate.	VITTI	 (reacting to accent) Mate? I don't believe this! You're an English guy? You ain't even Italian.	TONY BELLA	 Australian-Italian. We got some paisans down under.	VITTI	 Down under what?	Analyze That 
VITTI	 Down under what?	RAOUL	 (to Tony Bella) How incredible is this? Paul tells me they watch the show in Sing Sing!	TONY BELLA	 Fantastic!    That's so fuckin' great.	VITTI	 I wouldn't wet my pants over it.      They watch 'Supermarket Sweep,' too. Raoul laughs hard.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 Coupla things, though. I don't know who makes these decisions, but some of this, it don't look right.	RAOUL	 (concerned) I sensed it myself. Which elements strike you as wrong?	VITTI	 The people mainly. I mean, you got a boss who speaks Australian. What the fuck is that? And I'm guessing your	RAOUL	 The theater, mostly.	Analyze That 
RAOUL	 I would be eternally grateful. Anything else?	VITTI	 (thinks) Yeah. One of those trailers like the stars have.	RAOUL	 (slight hesitation) Done. (shakes his hand) I'll put that in the works right now. He hurries off to talk to his assistant.   Jelly comes up to Vitti.	JELLY	 You really gonna do this?	Analyze That 
VITTI	 (thinks) Yeah. One of those trailers like the stars have.	RAOUL	 (slight hesitation) Done. (shakes his hand) I'll put that in the works right now. He hurries off to talk to his assistant.   Jelly comes up to Vitti.	JELLY	 You really gonna do this?	VITTI	 No fuckin' way. I've had it with this job bullshit. A week of this and I'd either shoot myself or shoot Raoul. But it's good cover while I figure out my next move. Call the guys.	Analyze That 
MASIELLO	 You're the shrink who's taking care of Paul Vitti?	BEN	 Yes, sir. That's right. (to guy with groceries) Could you be careful, because I think they put the eggs on the bottom. He drops the bags heavily onto the bar.	MASIELLO	 So?    Is he nuts or what?	BEN	 Who?	Analyze That 
MASIELLO	 Meaning what?	BEN	 (very carefully) Meaning -- he -- fails to conform to societal norms with respect to -- lawful behavior.	MASIELLO	 I'm getting a fuckin' headache here.	BEN	 He's got a -- criminal temperament.	Analyze That 
BEN	 He's got a -- criminal temperament.	MASIELLO	 (stares at him) He's a criminal? This is news? And for that you need a doctor degree? So what are you doin' with him?	BEN	 Well, I'm trying to at least show him the possibility of change --	PATTY	 Wrong.   You do not want him to change. Ben looks at her, sensing her command of the group.	Analyze That 
PATTY	 It's a bull with his balls cut off. She reaches under the table and grabs Ben's balls.    He winces in pain.	BEN	 (squeezed) No, we don't want to do that.	PATTY	 Not unless you want to be one, too.	BEN	 (in pain) Me? No. I'm very attached to my balls. As you can probably tell.	Analyze That 
PATTY	 Not unless you want to be one, too.	BEN	 (in pain) Me? No. I'm very attached to my balls. As you can probably tell.	PATTY	 (lets go) Then do the right thing, understand?	BEN	 (greatly relieved) Yes, I understand completely. May I go now? I have perishables --	Analyze That 
BEN	 (in pain) Me? No. I'm very attached to my balls. As you can probably tell.	PATTY	 (lets go) Then do the right thing, understand?	BEN	 (greatly relieved) Yes, I understand completely. May I go now? I have perishables --			Analyze That 
PATTY	 (lets go) Then do the right thing, understand?	BEN	 (greatly relieved) Yes, I understand completely. May I go now? I have perishables --					Analyze That 
PATTY	 Don't bullshit me, Paul. You're planning something. I'm feeling very left out.	VITTI	 (quietly) Okay. Something big is going down, but you're getting a cut. My hand to God.	PATTY	 You're a good friend, Paul. And I would never think of insisting on this, but I'd feel better if you brought in Eddie and some of my guys to help with the job.	VITTI	 I don't think so.	Analyze That 
RAOUL	 Immediately. Raoul moves away quickly.   Patty turns back to Vitti.	PATTY	 It's good to have you back, Paul. (kisses Vitti on the cheek) We'll be in touch.					Analyze That 
RAOUL	 I'll have Brian do it.   He's new. Rigazzi and his men join them.	RIGAZZI	 (to Vitti) Could I talk to you for a second?	RAOUL	 (eyeing Rigazzi) Oh, what is this now, the bus and truck tour of Guys and Dolls?	VITTI	 This is Lou Rigazzi.	Analyze That 
RIGAZZI	 (to Vitti) Could I talk to you for a second?	RAOUL	 (eyeing Rigazzi) Oh, what is this now, the bus and truck tour of Guys and Dolls?	VITTI	 This is Lou Rigazzi.	RAOUL	 (a horrified whisper) 'The Wrench.'	Analyze That 
VITTI	 This is Lou Rigazzi.	RAOUL	 (a horrified whisper) 'The Wrench.'	RAOUL (CONT'D)	 (taking Rigazzi's hand) Please, forgive me. I'm on painkillers -- half the time I don't know what I'm saying.	RIGAZZI	 Get lost.	Analyze That 
RIGAZZI	 Get lost.	RAOUL	 Certainly. (as he exits) Brian! Get my car!	RIGAZZI	 (to Vitti) I need a couple minutes.	VITTI	 (nodding)	Analyze That 
RAOUL	 Certainly. (as he exits) Brian! Get my car!	RIGAZZI	 (to Vitti) I need a couple minutes.	VITTI	 (nodding)			Analyze That 
RIGAZZI	 (to Vitti) I need a couple minutes.	VITTI	 (nodding)					Analyze That 
VITTI	 I don't think so.	RIGAZZI	 (a beat) Well, so much for sleeping better. Rigazzi smiles and pats Vitti's cheek, then exits with his					Analyze That 
JELLY	 Hey, Dr. Sobel?	BEN	 Jelly, hi. (recognizing some of the others) Hey! Yo-Yo!	JELLY	 It's Mo-Mo.	BEN	 Right. I was thinking of the cellist. How's it going?	Analyze That 
VITTI	 Who says I'm lying? I finally    get a straight job and start putting   my life in order and you come in here   and start accusing me! That's how    much you trust me?	BEN	 (off   balance) It's not that   I don't trust you, I just don't --   trust you.   Are you lying to me?    Because I know you, Paul. You'll    say or do anything to get your own   way.	VITTI	 This is what's so hard about being an ex-con. You make one little mistake in your life and people never let you forget it.	BEN	 Oh, so now you're the victim?    I want the truth.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 No, strong, like before.	BEN	 (forceful) I want the truth!	VITTI	 Yeah, that's good!	BEN	 Paul --	Analyze That 
SOUNDMAN	 Sound speed.	RAOUL	 (shouts) Action!	RAOUL	 (doubtful) Does that screaming sound real to you?	VITTI		Analyze That 
VITTI	 Come on -- you were great.	BEN	 (turning on a dime) Really? I was scared at first, but on the second take, I think I found some good stuff. I was able to texture the screaming --	BEN	 Oh, screw you, Paul.   Just screw you.	VITTI	 What, are you self-medicating again? And don't give that decongestant multi-vitamin bullshit.	Analyze That 
BEN	 It's my business. I want to know. I'm a federal institution.	VITTI	 (checks side- view mirror) You recognize that car?	BEN	 Which car?	VITTI	 The one that's been following us the last mile and a half. Ben jerks his head around to look and sees a black Mercedes behind him.	Analyze That 
BEN	 (shouting back at the Mercedes) It's a goddamn lease!	VITTI	 (looks back) Move over. I'll drive.	BEN	 Move over?   Where? Vitti puts his left foot on the gas pedal and his left hand on the wheel.	VITTI	 Backseat.    Now! Ben tries to launch himself into the backseat but is stopped by his seat belt.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 (determined) Hang on.	BEN	 It's gonna get worse?					Analyze That 
VITTI	 So long, Doc. Vitti takes off running, ducking behind the rows of parked cars.	BEN	 (calling after him) That's it! I'm finished! You're on your own now, pal! I'm -- POLICE CARS and the FBI CAR SCREECH into the parking lot and surround Ben.	BEN	 (quietly) -- screwed.			Analyze That 
CHAPIN	 You can't take your car. We're impounding it as evidence.	BEN	 (exasperated) Then can somebody give me a ride home?	CHAPIN	 Yeah, the government runs a limousine service. The number is 1-800-Fuck Off.			Analyze That 
JELLY	 Paul, not that I'm questioning, but what do we want with Eddie DeVol? Guy's a fuckin' scumbag.	VITTI	 Look, I'm not happy about it, but if it keeps Patty off my back, so be it. They're meeting us at the club. Let's head out. (as they all get up) Not all at once. I gotta tell you everything? A PRODUCTION ASSISTANT KNOCKS and sticks her head in the door.	VITTI	 No, I gotta go. P.A. He said it was important.			Analyze That 
TONY BELLA	 Wait, Paul.   That's interesting.    Like what?	VITTI	 (impatient) I don't know. You could kick a guy in the face.	TONY BELLA	 Who?	VITTI	 (irritated) Just some guy! You knock him down, give him a couple quick kicks in the head while he's on the ground.	Analyze That 
TONY BELLA	 Who?	VITTI	 (irritated) Just some guy! You knock him down, give him a couple quick kicks in the head while he's on the ground.	TONY BELLA	 Why?	VITTI	 Why not? Because he's there and you're pissed off.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 Maybe once or twice.   Look, I got people waiting.	TONY BELLA	 (thinks about it, decides not) My character wouldn't do that.   What else?	VITTI	 (at a loss, getting angrier) I don't know. You could yell real loud?	TONY BELLA	 Yell real loud? That's original.	Analyze That 
TONY BELLA	 (thinks about it, decides not) My character wouldn't do that.   What else?	VITTI	 (at a loss, getting angrier) I don't know. You could yell real loud?	TONY BELLA	 Yell real loud? That's original.	VITTI	 (pops) Or keep your fuckin' mouth shut! Who gives a shit what you do, for cryin' out loud? Tony Bella likes something about Vitti's inflection.	Analyze That 
TONY BELLA	 Yell real loud? That's original.	VITTI	 (pops) Or keep your fuckin' mouth shut! Who gives a shit what you do, for cryin' out loud? Tony Bella likes something about Vitti's inflection.	TONY BELLA	 (imitates him) Who gives a shit what you do, for cryin' out loud?	VITTI	 What are you doin'?	Analyze That 
VITTI	 (pops) Or keep your fuckin' mouth shut! Who gives a shit what you do, for cryin' out loud? Tony Bella likes something about Vitti's inflection.	TONY BELLA	 (imitates him) Who gives a shit what you do, for cryin' out loud?	VITTI	 What are you doin'?	TONY BELLA	 What are you doin'?	Analyze That 
TONY BELLA	 What are you doin'?	VITTI	 (irritated) Okay, you can cut that shit out right now.	TONY BELLA	 Okay, you can cut that shit out right now.	VITTI	 (menacing) Hey, I'm serious, asshole!	Analyze That 
TONY BELLA	 Okay, you can cut that shit out right now.	VITTI	 (menacing) Hey, I'm serious, asshole!	TONY BELLA				Analyze That 
MICHAEL	 Working.	BEN	 (pleasantly surprised) You got a job? That's great. Look how handsome you look in that suit. What's the job?	MICHAEL	 (reluctantly) I'm working for Mr. Vitti.   I'm his driver.	BEN	 Oh, no, you're not!	Analyze That 
BEN	 (pleasantly surprised) You got a job? That's great. Look how handsome you look in that suit. What's the job?	MICHAEL	 (reluctantly) I'm working for Mr. Vitti.   I'm his driver.	BEN	 Oh, no, you're not!	MICHAEL	 You keep telling me to get a job!	Analyze That 
LAURA	 Ben? Where've you been?    What happened to you?	BEN	 (minimizing) I was  in a car chase. There  was a little  shooting -- not that much really  -- then they -- drove into the river.   It wasn't as bad as it sounds.	LAURA	 When is this going to end?	BEN	 Tonight, I hope. I just have to find him and --	Analyze That 
BEN	 Yeah, but he's an amazing lout, isn't he? I can't quit now. You know that.	LAURA	 (relents) Go.   Just don't get shot -- please?	BEN	 I love you. They kiss.     Then Ben turns to Michael.	BEN	 All right, where is he?	Analyze That 
MICHAEL	 I can't.	LAURA	 (pops) You tell your father right now or I'll give you such a smack it won't even be funny!	MICHAEL	 (surprised) Okay!   I dropped him at the club.	BEN	 What club?	Analyze That 
LAURA	 (pops) You tell your father right now or I'll give you such a smack it won't even be funny!	MICHAEL	 (surprised) Okay!   I dropped him at the club.	BEN	 What club?	MICHAEL	 Little Darling's in Queens.	Analyze That 
BEN	 Jelly!	JELLY	 (yelling over music) Hey, Doc. What are you doin' here?	BEN	 Where's Paul? Jelly tucks a few bills into her G-string.     She looks at Ben and winks suggestively.	JELLY	 I think she likes you, Doc.     Give her a couple of bucks. Ben reluctantly digs in his pocket and holds out a bill to the stripper.	Analyze That 
BEN	 Okay, Paul, what's going on?	VITTI	 (keyed up) What are you doing here?	BEN	 I could ask you the same thing.	VITTI	 What's it look like? We're just blowin' off a little steam. What's the big deal?	Analyze That 
EDDIE	 How's it goin', Paulie? You know my guys -- Enormous Bobby and Al Pacino?	VITTI	 (looks at him) Al Pacino? That's your real name?	AL PACINO	 No. People call me that because I look like Al Pacino. (beat) The actor.	VITTI	 Anybody ever call you Carol Burnett?	Analyze That 
VITTI	 (looks at him) Al Pacino? That's your real name?	AL PACINO	 No. People call me that because I look like Al Pacino. (beat) The actor.	VITTI	 Anybody ever call you Carol Burnett?	AL PACINO	 No.   Why?	Analyze That 
EDDIE	 So we're all here. Let's do it. He heads for the back of the club with his guys.   Vitti and Jelly start to follow.	BEN	 (stops Vitti) Let's do what?	VITTI	 You better get out of here.	BEN	 (lays a hand on his arm) I'm not going until you tell me what's going on here. Vitti violently shakes off Ben's hand.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 You better get out of here.	BEN	 (lays a hand on his arm) I'm not going until you tell me what's going on here. Vitti violently shakes off Ben's hand.	VITTI	 (menacing) Don't make me hurt you.    Get the fuck out of here. He walks away leaving Ben frozen. Ben watches as they disappear through a door leading to the			Analyze That 
BEN	 (lays a hand on his arm) I'm not going until you tell me what's going on here. Vitti violently shakes off Ben's hand.	VITTI	 (menacing) Don't make me hurt you.    Get the fuck out of here. He walks away leaving Ben frozen. Ben watches as they disappear through a door leading to the					Analyze That 
ENORMOUS BOBBY	 I found this guy listening at the door.	BEN	 (dazed) Hey, guys. How's it going?	EDDIE	 Who is this guy?	BEN	 (not looking at Eddie) Ben Sobel. Sorry, I can't move my head to the right. Boy, I hope that's not permanent.	Analyze That 
EDDIE	 Who is this guy?	BEN	 (not looking at Eddie) Ben Sobel. Sorry, I can't move my head to the right. Boy, I hope that's not permanent.	EDDIE	 Get rid of him. Al Pacino puts his gun to Ben's head.	BEN	 (still dazed) Hi, Carol.	Analyze That 
EDDIE	 Get rid of him. Al Pacino puts his gun to Ben's head.	BEN	 (still dazed) Hi, Carol.	AL PACINO	 You're a dead man, asshole.    Let's go.	VITTI	 What are you doing?	Analyze That 
BEN	 I think in is better.	VITTI	 (reluctantly) He's in. He's my responsibility.	EDDIE	 (to Vitti) Okay, no more surprises. And from this moment on, no one leaves my sight. Got it? Now go through it one more time.	VITTI	 Okay -- everybody listen up.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 (reluctantly) He's in. He's my responsibility.	EDDIE	 (to Vitti) Okay, no more surprises. And from this moment on, no one leaves my sight. Got it? Now go through it one more time.	VITTI	 Okay -- everybody listen up.	BEN	 Wait! (sits)	Analyze That 
VITTI	 Okay -- everybody listen up.	BEN	 Wait! (sits)					Analyze That 
MILLER	 Where's Vitti?   I don't see Vitti. Cerrone stares with the growing awareness that they've been had.	CERRONE	 Damn it! (grimly, into radio)					Analyze That 
JELLY	 Here. See if this'll fit under your shirt.	BEN	 (extremely nervous) I could fit you under my shirt.    Don't they have anything smaller?	JELLY	 This ain't Bloomingdale's. Nobody knew you were comin'. You're lucky you're alive, Doc. He glances at Eddie DeVol.	BEN	 (hisses) Nobody's going to be alive when this is over. What kind of plan is this? It's crazy. It's stupid!	Analyze That 
JELLY	 This ain't Bloomingdale's. Nobody knew you were comin'. You're lucky you're alive, Doc. He glances at Eddie DeVol.	BEN	 (hisses) Nobody's going to be alive when this is over. What kind of plan is this? It's crazy. It's stupid!	JELLY	 Watch it. It may be crazy but it ain't stupid. If you want to stay alive, just keep your mouth shut, do everything I tell you and try not to pee in your pants. (quietly) Can you handle an M-16? He holds up an automatic rifle.	BEN	 You mean shoot it?	Analyze That 
BEN	 (hisses) Nobody's going to be alive when this is over. What kind of plan is this? It's crazy. It's stupid!	JELLY	 Watch it. It may be crazy but it ain't stupid. If you want to stay alive, just keep your mouth shut, do everything I tell you and try not to pee in your pants. (quietly) Can you handle an M-16? He holds up an automatic rifle.	BEN	 You mean shoot it?	JELLY	 No, I mean twirl it like a fuckin' baton. How about an A.K.?	Analyze That 
JELLY	 No, I mean twirl it like a fuckin' baton. How about an A.K.?	BEN	 (exasperated) Jelly --	JELLY	 (rummaging through pile) Kalashnikov, MAC-10, Uzi -- stop me if I hit one you like.	BEN	 Couldn't I just take this?	Analyze That 
BEN	 (exasperated) Jelly --	JELLY	 (rummaging through pile) Kalashnikov, MAC-10, Uzi -- stop me if I hit one you like.	BEN	 Couldn't I just take this?	JELLY	 Yeah, that's a good one. That gun brings back a lot of fond memories. Use it in good health. Ben puts the gun into the waistband of his dungarees, but it slips through and drops into his pants.	Analyze That 
JELLY	 Yeah, that's a good one. That gun brings back a lot of fond memories. Use it in good health. Ben puts the gun into the waistband of his dungarees, but it slips through and drops into his pants.	BEN	 (winces) Ooh, cold -- cold. He jams his hand down the front of his pants and starts searching around in there. Eddie and Enormous Bobby stare at him as they walk by.	BEN	 (explaining) My gun -- fell down in my -- He shakes his leg and the gun drops out of his cuff and clatters onto the floor. He smiles weakly and picks it up. Vitti approaches.    He looks agitated but under tight control.	VITTI	 (to Jelly) Check the bus. Jelly exits.	Analyze That 
BEN	 (explaining) My gun -- fell down in my -- He shakes his leg and the gun drops out of his cuff and clatters onto the floor. He smiles weakly and picks it up. Vitti approaches.    He looks agitated but under tight control.	VITTI	 (to Jelly) Check the bus. Jelly exits.	VITTI	 (quietly, to   Ben) If we can, I'm gonna   get you out before the real shit   goes down. Just don't flip out on me,   okay?	BEN	 You are making a huge mistake.   You know that, don't you?	Analyze That 
VITTI	 What are you, fucking Jiminy Cricket? I don't know what planet you live on, but here on Earth it's 'might makes right.'   Read the papers. The guys with the guns make the rules.	BEN	 (holding up the pistol) So I guess that makes me a real man now.  What happened to the white hat, Paul?  Your father wasn't wrong. You could be one of the good guys.	VITTI	 Enough. Say one more word about my father and I'll break your fuckin' head.	BEN	 (quietly) Okay.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 Enough. Say one more word about my father and I'll break your fuckin' head.	BEN	 (quietly) Okay.					Analyze That 
VITTI	 (checks his watch) I have five to three. They should start movin' any minute.	BEN	 (looking at his watch) I have three-o-six.	VITTI	 Let's see your watch.	SPOTTER (V.O.)	 (filtered) They're moving! Vitti keys his radio twice as a signal and holds up his	Analyze That 
VITTI	 Let's see your watch.	SPOTTER (V.O.)	 (filtered) They're moving! Vitti keys his radio twice as a signal and holds up his					Analyze That 
VITTI	 (shouts) Get the ramp! Eddie and his guys run up with a long, narrow track with metal rollers and set it up at the rear of the gold truck.	EDDIE	 (very excited) You know, this might just fuckin' work.	BEN				Analyze That 
VITTI	 $350 an ounce, 16 ounces in a pound, 90 pounds in each bar -- do the math.	JELLY	 (a beat) Actually, gold is measured in troy ounces. 14.6 ounces to the pound. That would be... $18,396,000.	BEN	 Really?	JELLY	 Give or take. He hears a LOUD CRASH and all eyes turn to the gates.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 Yeah?	BEN	 Sorry. (flipping out) What did I do? What did I do? I had a perfect life, I threw it away.	VITTI	 Don't do this. Vitti drags him off toward the building structure.	BEN	 I can't help it! My life is over! I'm going to jail. Some people can handle prison -- I'm not one of them. I have delicate features. I'm small. I'll be way too popular!	Analyze That 
BEN	 I can't breathe! I'm suffocating!	VITTI	 (shaking him) For Chrissake, get hold of yourself!	BEN	 I can't!   I'm dying!   We're all going to die! Suddenly, he slaps Vitti hard across the face.      They both freeze.	BEN	 Did I just hit you?	Analyze That 
VITTI	 Yeah.   Feel better now?	BEN	 (breaking down) I'm sorry, Paul. I blame myself for this. I wanted to help you. I wanted to be there for you. But I just wasn't good enough.	VITTI	 You were good.  It isn't your fault.	BEN	 No, it is. Since my father died -- (starts crying) I've lost my way. I don't know anything anymore. I mean, what's the point? I didn't think it would hit me so hard --	Analyze That 
VITTI	 You were good.  It isn't your fault.	BEN	 No, it is. Since my father died -- (starts crying) I've lost my way. I don't know anything anymore. I mean, what's the point? I didn't think it would hit me so hard --	VITTI	 Would you just shut up about your father!	BEN	 I'm grieving, goddammit!    Have a little respect!	Analyze That 
BEN	 I'm grieving for myself, you fucking idiot! Ben lets it all go, sobbing for all the years of pain.	VITTI	 (surprised, shrugs) Jeez, I'm sorry.	BEN	 Now I know how you must have felt when your father was killed. Vitti looks at him.	BEN	 (crying more) I mean, it had to be ten times worse for you -- being murdered right in front of you. And you were so young - -	Analyze That 
VITTI	 We don't have time for this.	BEN	 (really sobbing) It must've been so painful!	VITTI	 (eyes filling with tears) I'm warning you -- don't do this --	BEN	 I mean, it's like all his hopes for you died with him. And that's so sad.	Analyze That 
BEN	 (really sobbing) It must've been so painful!	VITTI	 (eyes filling with tears) I'm warning you -- don't do this --	BEN	 I mean, it's like all his hopes for you died with him. And that's so sad.	VITTI	 (starting to cry) There I go. You happy now?      You see what you're doing here? Both men are crying now.	Analyze That 
BEN	 I mean, it's like all his hopes for you died with him. And that's so sad.	VITTI	 (starting to cry) There I go. You happy now?      You see what you're doing here? Both men are crying now.	BEN	 Your father really loved you.	VITTI	 I loved him, too. I did.	Analyze That 
VITTI	 I loved him, too. I did.	BEN	 (hugs him) I know. I know. Jelly comes around the corner and sees the two men in a weepy embrace.	JELLY	 Oh, boy.    This is bad.	JELLY	 Maybe we oughta should go. Vitti, Ben and Jelly run to the bus, but Eddie pulls a gun and stops them. Al and Bobby cover Jelly and the rest of the crew. Vitti backs away slowly.	Analyze That 
EDDIE	 Yeah, well, nice work.   Mr. Rigazzi will be very grateful.	BEN	 (to Vitti) Rigazzi? I thought he worked for Patti LoPresti.	VITTI	 That's what Patty thought, too. This scumbag's been playin' both sides against the middle.	EDDIE	 There's only one side as far as I'm concerned. Mine. What did you think? I was just gonna stand by and let some fuckin' has-been move back in? So long, Mr. Vitti. He cocks the gun and is about to pull the trigger when Ben suddenly roars and slams him in the head with his gun. Vitti and Jelly quickly cover Al Pacino and Enormous Bobby.	Analyze That 
EDDIE	 There's only one side as far as I'm concerned. Mine. What did you think? I was just gonna stand by and let some fuckin' has-been move back in? So long, Mr. Vitti. He cocks the gun and is about to pull the trigger when Ben suddenly roars and slams him in the head with his gun. Vitti and Jelly quickly cover Al Pacino and Enormous Bobby.	BEN	 (beating the shit out of Eddie) I can't take it anymore! That's what I hate about you fucking sociopaths! You just keep changing the rules to suit yourselves. Well, not this time, you anti-social asshole. You fucked with the wrong shrink! Sitting on Eddie's chest, he presses the gun against Eddie's nose.	BEN	 Don't you read the papers?   The guy	VITTI	 Yeah, what?	Analyze That 
CAPTAIN	 (screaming) On the floor! Face-down!   Now!	AL PACINO	 (to Eddie) Nice goin'. Good plan.	ENORMOUS BOBBY	 What's a sociopath?	SWAT LEADER	 They're escaping out the back!    Get over there! Move it! The marshals rush toward the sound of the GUNFIRE and	Analyze That 
TONY BELLA	 What the hell is this?	RAOUL (O.S.)	 (on his own bullhorn) Cut, cut, cut! What the hell's going on? Raoul strides out into the street, furious, still talking through his bullhorn.	RAOUL	 (to the Captain) Who are you? What are you doing in my shot? The Captain and the marshals look around and see that they're on the set of "Little Caesar."	CAPTAIN	 What are you doing on my street? The Captain walks toward Raoul until they are almost face to face, shouting at each other through their BULLHORNS.	Analyze That 
CAPTAIN	 I don't give a shit about your permit! The ASSISTANT DIRECTOR addresses the TV crew.	ASSISTANT DIRECTOR	 All right, people. Back to one and let's try it again! (into his walkie-talkie) Release the traffic and reset for another take. On the perimeters of the set, the PA's signal the off-duty cops who work the set to release the real traffic they've been holding on the cross streets. A city bus passes behind Raoul and Tony Bella who are still					Analyze That 
BEN	 (sees them coming) That's it. We're screwed. The cops walk toward the back and confront Ben.	LEAD SWAT	 You!	BEN	 Yes, Officer?			Analyze That 
VITTI	 Can't do that.	PATTY	 Well, if you ever change your mind -- (kisses him)					Analyze That 
VITTI	 Yeah.	BEN	 (ruefully) Did she grab your balls?	VITTI	 What kind of question is that? She's cool. She's just happy to have 'the Wrench' out of the way.	BEN	 Well, I talked to the U.S. Attorney.	Analyze That 
BEN	 You, too, Paul. They embrace. Then Vitti starts to walk away toward Jelly who has been waiting at a respectful distance. Vitti stops and turns.	VITTI	 Hey, Doc! (sings) 'There's a place for us -- '	BEN	 (sings) 'A time and place for us -- '	JELLY	 (joins in) 'Hold my hand we're halfway there -- '	Analyze That 
VITTI	 Hey, Doc! (sings) 'There's a place for us -- '	BEN	 (sings) 'A time and place for us -- '	JELLY	 (joins in) 'Hold my hand we're halfway there -- '	ALL TOGETHER	 'Hold my hand and I'll take you there. (belting) Somehow, someday, somewhere.' The ORCHESTRA SWELLS as we CRANE UP TO the Brooklyn Bridge and Lower Manhattan beyond.	Analyze That 
BEN	 (sings) 'A time and place for us -- '	JELLY	 (joins in) 'Hold my hand we're halfway there -- '	ALL TOGETHER	 'Hold my hand and I'll take you there. (belting) Somehow, someday, somewhere.' The ORCHESTRA SWELLS as we CRANE UP TO the Brooklyn Bridge and Lower Manhattan beyond.	THE END		Analyze That 
JELLY	 (joins in) 'Hold my hand we're halfway there -- '	ALL TOGETHER	 'Hold my hand and I'll take you there. (belting) Somehow, someday, somewhere.' The ORCHESTRA SWELLS as we CRANE UP TO the Brooklyn Bridge and Lower Manhattan beyond.	THE END				Analyze That 
