TIME--DAY	 It is early in the day. Anna's maid, Annushka, has been dressing Anna. Annushka is young, loyal, modest. Anna is at her dressing-table-bureau, which is host to at least two pho- tographs of a small boy (Serozha) and a child's unframed drawing of "Maman." As she starts reading the letter, Anna's eyes frown.	FLASH BACK, VERY SHORT, ALMOST SUBLIMINAL--						Anna Karenina 
ANNA	 . . . and Dolly found a note from the governess. Anna is speaking to her husband "confidentially." Karenin, a busy man, drains his coffee cup and hands it (as with Oblonsky and Matvey) to his valet, Korney, who bows and withdraws. Karenin continues transferring papers from his desk to his portfolio . . . Which done, he nods to his private secretary, Mikhail Slyudin, who comes forward to receive it, bows and leaves.	KARENIN	 Well . . . ? Karenin is twenty years older than Anna and a senior figure in govern- ment. He has an unattractive reedy voice and is pleased with himself as a model of probity. He has the habit of cracking his knuckles.					Anna Karenina 
ANNA	 It's for Dolly's sake too.	KARENIN	 (has to go) I have four committees today . . . There is another interruption: Serozha, aged seven and a half, and his tutor, Vasily Lukich, enter for a ritual "good morning." Serozha is a little frightened of his father, but the mother and son are in love. Anna goes straight to Serozha, her heart lifted, to hug him.	KARENIN (CONT'D)	 Good, good!--I have the world waiting for me, there's never time to look at your exercises!			Anna Karenina 
LUKICH	 Sergei Alexeyich is doing very well, Your Excellency.	ANNA	 (a button missing) Tsk-tsk, who put this shirt on you? Never mind. I'll come and hear you read.	KARENIN	 Tomorrow, perhaps. Thank you, Lukich-- perhaps tomorrow. Lukich bows. Anna goes with Serozha, relinquishing him finally. She closes the door on them.	ANNA	 Alexei, do you think nine years of mar- riage and children should count for nothing against a . . . an infatuation? Karenin cracks his knuckles, concedes.	Anna Karenina 
ANNA	 Alexei, do you think nine years of mar- riage and children should count for nothing against a . . . an infatuation? Karenin cracks his knuckles, concedes.	KARENIN	 No. Very well. (kisses her hand) But sin has a price, you may be sure of that.					Anna Karenina 
LEVIN	 Yes. I'm in love. I've come back to propose. Have you guessed who she is?	OBLONSKY	 (rolls his eyes comically) I have a suspicion. Why didn't you propose when you were here?	LEVIN	 I decided it was impossible. Kitty is of the heavens, an angel, and I am of the earth-- but then I thought and thought, and . . . there's no life for me without her! . . . Do I have a chance?	OBLONSKY	 Of course you do. The Shcherbatskys are giving a soiree this evening. Get there early before the crowd. If I may suggest . . .	Anna Karenina 
LEVIN	 I'll come back.	UP ABOVE	 Princess Ekaterina (Kitty) Shcherbatsky is eighteen. Eager to see who has arrived, she hurries from the direction of the reception room and looks down into the entrance hall in time to see Levin snatch his hat back from the Footman.	KITTY	 Konstantin!	LEVIN	 I'm too early.	Anna Karenina 
LEVIN	 Good evening, miss . . . madame . . .	NIKOLAI	 Don't talk to her like that. It frightens her. You sound like a magistrate. (shouts at her) More vodka for my brother, quick about it.	LEVIN	 I don't want anything. Masha goes to Nikolai and whispers to him, calming him.	NIKOLAI	 I'm all right. He fills a wineglass with vodka and gulps it greedily.	Anna Karenina 
LEVIN	 Yes. I damn well should!	NIKOLAI	 (toasts, casually) The brotherhood of man. Levin recovers himself. He takes out his wallet.	LEVIN	 Nikolai, you have to see a doctor. Then come and stay with me at Pokrovskoe till you get your health back.			Anna Karenina 
TIME--DAY	 Vronsky moves closer to the slowing train, scanning the windows going by. EXT. PLATFORM ENTRANCE GATE, SAME TIME--DAY The Guards Officer and the Stationmaster are disconcerted to see the obvious "private coach" stop seriously short (or long) behind luggage wagons, etc.	STATIONMASTER	 I'll see to it. He hurries away towards the engine. Oblonsky hurries through, relieved not to be late.					Anna Karenina 
VRONSKY	 Yes, of course. Oblonsky's sister . . . Karenina.	COUNTESS	 Charmante, don't you think? (to her Maid) Wait for me in the carriage. I'll take Tosca. She takes the dog. The Maid leaves with her bag.	VRONSKY	 . . . You stayed longer in St. Petersburg.	COUNTESS VRONSKY	 Long enough for you to start a little love affair, I hear.	Anna Karenina 
ANNA	 Grisha, don't pull so hard, you're getting it all in a tangle--and look for another G for	GRIGORI--	 (She takes off her ring for Tanya) --here, darling, you can wear it till you go	TO BED--	 Dolly sits apart, embroidering. She looks up at the sound of voices down- stairs, Oblonsky coming home. The children hear their father and abandon the card table, running out to greet him. Dolly stands up to leave by a dif- ferent door, giving Anna a collusive glance. Anna pushes aside the alphabet bricks.	ANNA (CONT'D)	 Well, that's the end of that.	Anna Karenina 
GUARD	 Bologoye! Fifteen minutes. The train is slowing. EXT. BOLOGOYE--NIGHT The train clanks to a halt at a small station. Anna (and a few others) get down from the train. She wears a heavy cloak. The wind blows a few snowflakes through the station but the roof keeps off the snow. She is glad of the fresh air. Here and there, men are walking, smoking, laughing together. She feels better. A tall outline of a man in a greatcoat and military cap emerges from the flickering gloom. She catches her breath. He salutes her.	VRONSKY	 Can I be of service to you?	ANNA	 I didn't know you were . . . Why are you leaving?			Anna Karenina 
ANNA	 That's enough! She climbs the steps on to the porch. At the door to the carriage she pauses. The encounter has left her feeling elated and frightened. EXT. STATION, ST. PETERSBURG--DAY The train arrives. Vronsky gets down from the train and starts to walk towards Anna's carriage. His German valet, Franz, runs up to him (from second class).	VRONSKY	 Take the luggage home. Franz runs back the other way. Vronsky walks on, then stops when he sees Karenin waiting on the platform, smiling and going forward to hand Anna down the steps. Kapitonich enters the carriage. Vronsky hesitates.	ANNA				Anna Karenina 
KARENIN	 What are they saying in Moscow about the new Statute?	ANNA	 What new Statute? Karenin takes a contraceptive sheath, made from animal intestine (re- usable) from the tin.	KARENIN	 The new Statute I carried in Council. Anna blows her candle out and gets into bed.	ANNA	 No one mentioned it.	Anna Karenina 
FAMILY DOCTOR	 It's the modern way . . .	PRINCESS SHCHERBATSKY	 (to the Prince) You're not a doctor!	FAMILY DOCTOR	 Her symptoms . . . loss of appetite, fast	PULSE--		Anna Karenina 
LEVIN	 Of Babylon? No.	OBLONSKY	 You're right, what do you care? You love the country--you've got it. You love agricultur- ing, and, Lord knows, you've got it. You love shooting--you've got it. You've got every- thing you want! Agafia, leaving, throws Levin a look (no wife).	LEVIN	 All right, go on, then. Have you stopped stealing bread rolls?			Anna Karenina 
KARENIN	 . . . watches Anna who is looking through her glasses towards the Starting Post while the current race finishes to cheers.	KARENIN, SMILING AROUND, WATCHES AS:--	 Anna's anxious attention turns to a horse and rider who fell further down the course-- and to the ambulance wagon (with a red cross sewn on it) . . . Karenin mounts the steps of the aisle, raising his hat to ladies he knows. Anna ignores him. On the wooden boards below, where gentlemen are watching, Oblonsky calls up to Betsy.	OBLONSKY	 Princess! A bet! What do you fancy in the next?	BETSY	 Kusolev.	Anna Karenina 
BETSY	 Alexei Aleksandrevich . . . congratulations. You're the only man my husband would do this for.	ANNA	 (To Prince Tverskoy) Tell me your latest find for your library.	PRINCE TVERSKOY	 Not in front of the Princess. Betsy draws Anna away for a moment.			Anna Karenina 
KARENIN	 . . . not that I care for decorations but . . .	ANNA	 Alexei . . . I can't . . . I'm sorry . . . But I'm his wife now. (she turns to him) I am having his child. Karenin stares at her. He turns back to the open drawer and puts things back the way they were. He locks the drawer. He puts on his dressing gown and leaves the room. Anna waits a moment and follows him.					Anna Karenina 
AUTUMN	 Vronsky stands at the entrance to the platform holding a bouquet, waiting for a train. He looks pretty fed up. INT. "FRENCH THEATRE," ST. PETERSBURG--NIGHT As before, the set-up is a small stage, a small auditorium, and an area for drinking, cruising, etc., a combination of music hall and a bar with a few tables. Vronsky is here as the escort of a Foreign Prince (an Indian), watch- ing a "risqu" show with Can-Can Girls, much relished by the visitor. Vronsky's glance casts about in the gloom. The champagne is flowing. Vron- sky spots a trio--Lisa Merkalova, Betsy, and Stremov, a politician and Karenin's rival. Vronsky catches Betsy's eye. She beckons him. He excuses himself to the Foreign Prince, who doesn't notice, and goes over to the other table. Under the music, he is introduced to Stremov, and kisses the hands of the women. He takes the empty chair.	VRONSKY	 He's some kind of prince at home. Exhaust- ing. Where is Tuskevitch this evening?	BETSY	 Why ask me? At which moment, Makhotin appears at the table. Vronsky relinquishes his chair.			Anna Karenina 
COUNTESS NORDSTON	 (drily, amused) We nearly met at the Shcherbatsky's last winter. Levin, puzzled, bows to her and to the Prince and Princess, who are respec- tively pleased and making the best of it, and then to Dolly who approaches.	PRINCE SHCHERBATSKY	 Come into the fold . . .	DOLLY	 Kitty is here. Levin is shaken. Dolly leads him to Kitty, who is frightened, shy and shamefaced. Dolly leaves them.			Anna Karenina 
COUNTESS VRONSKY	 I will go when I'm ready to go. A little affair with a married woman puts a finish- ing touch to a young man's education--but this morbid, selfish obsession . . . ! You have publicly humiliated a man who has devoted his life to Russia, and it will not be forgot- ten. You'd better come back to Moscow with me. You're finished here.	VRONSKY	 In Petersburg? (he taps his breastbone) I'm finished here.					Anna Karenina 
VRONSKY (CONT'D)	 Yashvin is going to call . . . you remember him. (about her clothes) Are you going out?	ANNA	 To where? To whom?	VRONSKY	 What's the matter?			Anna Karenina 
ANNA	 You're afraid. Well, I'm not. INT. OPERA HOUSE, ST. PETERSBURG--NIGHT Before the performance, the stairs, galleries and corridors, giving access to the stalls and boxes, are crowded with the town's highest society. And Anna, at her most beautiful, is magically cleaving through it. Awareness of her presence is like a contagion, and yet everyone manages not to catch her eye . . . so while all around her there are people impeding each other with greetings, Anna's path opens before her. She knows what is happening. It shocks her but her eyes barely show it. The spell is broken by Princess Myagkaya (she of the 85 kopek sauce) who hails her.	PRINCESS MYAGKAYA	 Anna . . . ! She picks up on the surrounding effect of this, and rubs it in with mischief, taking Anna's arm. princess myagkaya (CONT'D) Something has done you good--you look wonderful.					Anna Karenina 
ANNA	 Kitty . . . ? Oh, tell her how pleased I am . . . !	DOLLY	 Perhaps I'll wait a year or two. (she gulps a laugh) Oh . . . love!	ANNA	 Yes . . . love! Don't you disapprove of me for what I've done?	DOLLY	 No. I wish I'd done the same. But no one asked me! Well . . . I wouldn't have been brave enough. (she blinks tears) Stiva, you know . . . he doesn't change . . . like all men, I suppose.	Anna Karenina 
ANNA	 Yes . . . love! Don't you disapprove of me for what I've done?	DOLLY	 No. I wish I'd done the same. But no one asked me! Well . . . I wouldn't have been brave enough. (she blinks tears) Stiva, you know . . . he doesn't change . . . like all men, I suppose. She doesn't notice her tactlessness but it lands on Anna, who manages a smile.					Anna Karenina 
AGAFIA	 It's all right, the mistress is giving Mitya his bath. It is evident from her tone that Kitty and Agafia have made it up long ago. INT. NURSERY, POKROVSKOE, SAME TIME--DAY Rain on the window and on the roof. The rain is so loud that it is the foreground sound in the scene; and the dialogue, while we can pick it out without difficulty, is the background sound. Levin enters, wet. Dmitri (Mitya), two months old, is lying on his back in a basin, supported by Kitty's palm under his head. Kitty squeezes a sponge over his body, which he likes.	LEVIN	 I came looking for you . . . I understood something . . .					Anna Karenina 
