ANNIE HALL	 (Sound and Woody Allen monologue begin)	ALVY	 There's an old joke.  Uh, two elderly women are at a Catskills mountain resort, and one of 'em says: "Boy, the food at this place is really terrible." The other one says, "Yeah, I know, and such ... small portions." Well, that's essentially how I feel about life.  Full of loneliness and misery and suffering and unhappiness, and it's all over much too quickly.  The-the other important joke for me is one that's, uh, usually attributed to Groucho Marx, but I think it appears originally in Freud's wit and its relation to the unconscious.  And it goes like this-I'm paraphrasing: Uh ... "I would never wanna belong to any club that would have someone like me for a member." That's the key joke of my adult life in terms of my relationships with women.  Tsch, you know, lately the strangest things have been going through my mind, 'cause I turned forty, tsch, and I guess I'm going through a life crisis or something, I don't know. I, uh ... and I'm not worried about aging. I'm not one o' those characters, you know. Although I'm balding slightly on top, that's about the worst you can say about me.  I, uh, I think I'm gonna get better as I get older, you know?  I think I'm gonna be the- the balding virile type, you know, as opposed to say the, uh, distinguished gray, for instance, you know?  'Less I'm neither o' those two. Unless I'm one o' those guys with saliva dribbling out of his mouth who wanders into a cafeteria with a shopping bag screaming about socialism. (Sighing) Annie and I broke up and I-I still can't get my mind around that.  You know, I-I keep sifting the pieces of the relationship through my mind and-and examining my life and tryin' to figure out where did the screw-up come, you know, and a year ago we were... tsch, in love.  You know, and-and-and ... And it's funny, I'm not-I'm not a morose type.  I'm not a depressive character. I-I-I, uh, (Laughing) you know, I was a reasonably happy kid, I guess.  I was brought up in Brooklyn during World War II.					Annie Hall 
MOTHER	 (To the doctor) He's been depressed.  All off a sudden, he can't do anything.	DOCTOR	 (Nodding) Why are you depressed, Alvy?	MOTHER	 (Nudging Alvy) Tell Dr. Flicker. (Young Alvy sits, his head down.  His mother answers for him) It's something he read.	DOCTOR	 (Puffing on his cigarette and nodding) Something he read, huh?	Annie Hall 
DOCTOR	 (Nodding) Why are you depressed, Alvy?	MOTHER	 (Nudging Alvy) Tell Dr. Flicker. (Young Alvy sits, his head down.  His mother answers for him) It's something he read.	DOCTOR	 (Puffing on his cigarette and nodding) Something he read, huh?	ALVY	 (His head still down) The universe is expanding.	Annie Hall 
MOTHER	 (Nudging Alvy) Tell Dr. Flicker. (Young Alvy sits, his head down.  His mother answers for him) It's something he read.	DOCTOR	 (Puffing on his cigarette and nodding) Something he read, huh?	ALVY	 (His head still down) The universe is expanding.	DOCTOR	 The universe is expanding?	Annie Hall 
DOCTOR	 (Puffing on his cigarette and nodding) Something he read, huh?	ALVY	 (His head still down) The universe is expanding.	DOCTOR	 The universe is expanding?	ALVY	 (Looking up at the doctor) Well, the universe is everything, and if it's expanding, someday it will break apart and that would be the end of everything!	Annie Hall 
DOCTOR	 The universe is expanding?	ALVY	 (Looking up at the doctor) Well, the universe is everything, and if it's expanding, someday it will break apart and that would be the end of everything!	MOTHER	 (shouting) What is that your business? (she turns back to the doctor) He stopped doing his homework.	ALVY	 What's the point?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Looking up at the doctor) Well, the universe is everything, and if it's expanding, someday it will break apart and that would be the end of everything!	MOTHER	 (shouting) What is that your business? (she turns back to the doctor) He stopped doing his homework.	ALVY	 What's the point?	MOTHER	 (Excited, gesturing with her hands) What has the universe got to do with it? You're here in Brooklyn!  Brooklyn is not expanding!	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 What's the point?	MOTHER	 (Excited, gesturing with her hands) What has the universe got to do with it? You're here in Brooklyn!  Brooklyn is not expanding!	DOCTOR	 (Heartily, looking down at Alvy) It won't be expanding for billions of years yet, Alvy.  And we've gotta try to enjoy ourselves while we're here.  Uh?			Annie Hall 
MOTHER	 (Excited, gesturing with her hands) What has the universe got to do with it? You're here in Brooklyn!  Brooklyn is not expanding!	DOCTOR	 (Heartily, looking down at Alvy) It won't be expanding for billions of years yet, Alvy.  And we've gotta try to enjoy ourselves while we're here.  Uh?					Annie Hall 
IVAN	 Seven and three is nine.	ALVY'S VOICE	 Even then I knew they were just jerks. (The camera moves back to the teacher, who is glaring out at her students) In nineteen forty-two I had already dis-	1ST GIRL	 (Making noises) Ugh, he kissed me, he kissed me.	TEACHER	 (Off screen) That's the second time this month!  Step up here!	Annie Hall 
ALVY'S VOICE	 Even then I knew they were just jerks. (The camera moves back to the teacher, who is glaring out at her students) In nineteen forty-two I had already dis-	1ST GIRL	 (Making noises) Ugh, he kissed me, he kissed me.	TEACHER	 (Off screen) That's the second time this month!  Step up here!	ALVY	 What'd I do?	Annie Hall 
1ST GIRL	 (Making noises) Ugh, he kissed me, he kissed me.	TEACHER	 (Off screen) That's the second time this month!  Step up here!	ALVY	 What'd I do?	TEACHER	 Step up here!	Annie Hall 
TEACHER	 You should be ashamed of yourself.	ALVY (AS ADULT)	 (First off screen, then onscreen as camera moves over to the back of the classroom) Why, I was just expressing a healthy sexual curiosity.	TEACHER	 (The younger, Alvy standing next to her) Six-year-old boys don't have girls on their minds.	ALVY (AS ADULT)	 (Still sitting in the back of the classroom) I did.	Annie Hall 
ALVY (AS ADULT)	 (First off screen, then onscreen as camera moves over to the back of the classroom) Why, I was just expressing a healthy sexual curiosity.	TEACHER	 (The younger, Alvy standing next to her) Six-year-old boys don't have girls on their minds.	ALVY (AS ADULT)	 (Still sitting in the back of the classroom) I did.	1ST GIRL	 For God's sakes, Alvy, even Freud speaks of a latency period.	Annie Hall 
TEACHER	 (The younger, Alvy standing next to her) Six-year-old boys don't have girls on their minds.	ALVY (AS ADULT)	 (Still sitting in the back of the classroom) I did.	1ST GIRL	 For God's sakes, Alvy, even Freud speaks of a latency period.	ALVY (AS ADULT)	 (Gesturing) Well, I never had a latency period.  I can't help it.	Annie Hall 
1ST GIRL	 For God's sakes, Alvy, even Freud speaks of a latency period.	ALVY (AS ADULT)	 (Gesturing) Well, I never had a latency period.  I can't help it.	TEACHER	 (With young, Alvy still at her side) Why couldn't you have been more like Donald? (The camera pans over to Donald, sitting up tall in his seat, then back to the teacher) Now, there was a model boy!	ALVY (AS CHILD)	 (Still standing next to the teacher) Tell the folks where you are today, Donald.	Annie Hall 
ALVY (AS ADULT)	 (Gesturing) Well, I never had a latency period.  I can't help it.	TEACHER	 (With young, Alvy still at her side) Why couldn't you have been more like Donald? (The camera pans over to Donald, sitting up tall in his seat, then back to the teacher) Now, there was a model boy!	ALVY (AS CHILD)	 (Still standing next to the teacher) Tell the folks where you are today, Donald.	DONALD	 I run a profitable dress company.	Annie Hall 
TEACHER	 (With young, Alvy still at her side) Why couldn't you have been more like Donald? (The camera pans over to Donald, sitting up tall in his seat, then back to the teacher) Now, there was a model boy!	ALVY (AS CHILD)	 (Still standing next to the teacher) Tell the folks where you are today, Donald.	DONALD	 I run a profitable dress company.	ALVY'S VOICE	 Right.  Sometimes I wonder where my classmates are today.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 No, I cannot.  You keep bringing it up, but I don't wanna live in a city where the only cultural advantage is that you can make a right turn on a red light.	ROB	 (Checking his watch) Right, Max, forget it.  Aren't you gonna be late for meeting Annie?	ALVY	 I'm gonna meet her in front of the Beekman. I think I have a few minutes left.  Right?			Annie Hall 
1ST MAN	 Hey, you on television?	ALVY	 (Nodding his head) No. Yeah, once in a while.  You know, like occasionally.	1ST MAN	 What's your name?	ALVY	 (Clearing his throat) You wouldn't know it.  It doesn't matter. What's the difference?	Annie Hall 
1ST MAN	 What's your name?	ALVY	 (Nervously) I'm ... I'm, uh, I'm Robert Redford.	1ST MAN	 (Laughing) Come on.	ALVY	 Alvy Singer. It was nice nice ... Thanks very much ... for everything.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Nervously) I'm ... I'm, uh, I'm Robert Redford.	1ST MAN	 (Laughing) Come on.	ALVY	 Alvy Singer. It was nice nice ... Thanks very much ... for everything.	1ST MAN	 Hey!	Annie Hall 
1ST MAN	 Hey!	2ND MAN	 (Off screen) What?	1ST MAN	 This is Alvy Singer!	ALVY	 Fellas ... you know-Jesus!  Come on!	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Fellas ... you know-Jesus!  Come on!	1ST MAN	 (Overlapping, ignoring Alvy) This guy's on television!  Alvy Singer, right?  Am I right?	ALVY	 (Overlapping 1st man) Gimme a break, will yuh, gimme a break. Jesus Christ!	1ST MAN	 (Still ignoring Alvy's protestations) This guy's on television.	Annie Hall 
1ST MAN	 (Overlapping, ignoring Alvy) This guy's on television!  Alvy Singer, right?  Am I right?	ALVY	 (Overlapping 1st man) Gimme a break, will yuh, gimme a break. Jesus Christ!	1ST MAN	 (Still ignoring Alvy's protestations) This guy's on television.	ALVY	 I need a large polo mallet!	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Overlapping 1st man) Gimme a break, will yuh, gimme a break. Jesus Christ!	1ST MAN	 (Still ignoring Alvy's protestations) This guy's on television.	ALVY	 I need a large polo mallet!	2ND MAN	 (Moving into the screen) Who's on television?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 I need a large polo mallet!	2ND MAN	 (Moving into the screen) Who's on television?	1ST MAN	 This guy, on the Johnny Carson show.	ALVY	 (Annoyed) Fellas, what is this-a meeting o' the teamsters?  You know.. .	Annie Hall 
1ST MAN	 This guy, on the Johnny Carson show.	ALVY	 (Annoyed) Fellas, what is this-a meeting o' the teamsters?  You know.. .	2ND MAN	 (Also ignoring Alvy) What program?	1ST MAN	 (Holding out a matchbook) Can I have your autograph?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Annoyed) Fellas, what is this-a meeting o' the teamsters?  You know.. .	2ND MAN	 (Also ignoring Alvy) What program?	1ST MAN	 (Holding out a matchbook) Can I have your autograph?	ALVY	 You don't want my autograph.	Annie Hall 
2ND MAN	 (Also ignoring Alvy) What program?	1ST MAN	 (Holding out a matchbook) Can I have your autograph?	ALVY	 You don't want my autograph.	1ST MAN	 (Overlapping, Alvy's  speech) Yeah, I do.  It's for my girl friend. Make it out to Ralph.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 You don't want my autograph.	1ST MAN	 (Overlapping, Alvy's  speech) Yeah, I do.  It's for my girl friend. Make it out to Ralph.	ALVY	 (Taking the matchbook and pen and writing) Your girl friend's name is Ralph?	1ST MAN	 It's for my brudder. (To passersby) Alvy Singer!  Hey!  This is Alvy-	Annie Hall 
1ST MAN	 (Overlapping, Alvy's  speech) Yeah, I do.  It's for my girl friend. Make it out to Ralph.	ALVY	 (Taking the matchbook and pen and writing) Your girl friend's name is Ralph?	1ST MAN	 It's for my brudder. (To passersby) Alvy Singer!  Hey!  This is Alvy-	2ND MAN	 (To Alvy, overlapping 1st man's speech) You really Alvy Singer, the ... the TV star?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Taking the matchbook and pen and writing) Your girl friend's name is Ralph?	1ST MAN	 It's for my brudder. (To passersby) Alvy Singer!  Hey!  This is Alvy-	2ND MAN	 (To Alvy, overlapping 1st man's speech) You really Alvy Singer, the ... the TV star?	1ST MAN	 -Singer!	Annie Hall 
1ST MAN	 It's for my brudder. (To passersby) Alvy Singer!  Hey!  This is Alvy-	2ND MAN	 (To Alvy, overlapping 1st man's speech) You really Alvy Singer, the ... the TV star?	1ST MAN	 -Singer!	2ND MAN	 Alvy Singer over here!	Annie Hall 
2ND MAN	 Alvy Singer over here!	ALVY	 (Overlapping the two men and stuttering) I-i-i-i-it's all right, fellas. (As Alvy opens the cab door, the two men still behind him, Annie gets out) Jesus, what'd you do, come by way of the Panama Canal?	ANNIE	 (Overlapping Alvy) Alright, alright, I'm in a bad mood, okay?	ALVY	 Bad mood?  I'm standing with the cast of "The Godfather."	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Overlapping the two men and stuttering) I-i-i-i-it's all right, fellas. (As Alvy opens the cab door, the two men still behind him, Annie gets out) Jesus, what'd you do, come by way of the Panama Canal?	ANNIE	 (Overlapping Alvy) Alright, alright, I'm in a bad mood, okay?	ALVY	 Bad mood?  I'm standing with the cast of "The Godfather."	ANNIE	 You're gonna hafta learn to deal with it.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Deal!  I'm dealing with two guys named Cheech!	ANNIE	 Okay. (They move into the ticket line, still talking.  A billboard next to them reads "INGMAR BERGMAN'S 'FACE	TO FACE ,'LIV ULLMANN")	 Please, I have a headache, all right?	ALVY	 Hey, you are in a bad mood.  You-you- you must be getting your period.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 I'm not getting my period.  Jesus, every time anything out of the ordinary happens, you think that I'm getting my period!	ALVY	 (Gesturing) A li-little louder.  I think one of them may have missed it! (To the ticket clerk) H'm, has the picture started yet?	TICKET CLERK	 It started two minutes ago.	ALVY	 (Hitting his hand on the counter) That's it!  Forget it!  I-I can't go in.	Annie Hall 
TICKET CLERK	 It started two minutes ago.	ALVY	 (Hitting his hand on the counter) That's it!  Forget it!  I-I can't go in.	ANNIE	 Two minutes, Alvy.	ALVY	 (Overlapping Annie) No, I'm sorry, I can't do it.  We-we've blown it already. I-you know, uh, I-I can't go in in the middle.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Two minutes, Alvy.	ALVY	 (Overlapping Annie) No, I'm sorry, I can't do it.  We-we've blown it already. I-you know, uh, I-I can't go in in the middle.	ANNIE	 In the middle? (Alvy nods his head yes and let's out an exasperated sigh) We'll only miss the titles.  They're in Swedish.	ALVY	 You wanna get coffee for two hours or something?  We'll go next-	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Overlapping Annie) No, I'm sorry, I can't do it.  We-we've blown it already. I-you know, uh, I-I can't go in in the middle.	ANNIE	 In the middle? (Alvy nods his head yes and let's out an exasperated sigh) We'll only miss the titles.  They're in Swedish.	ALVY	 You wanna get coffee for two hours or something?  We'll go next-	ANNIE	 Two hours?  No, u-uh, I'm going in. I'm going in.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Two hours?  No, u-uh, I'm going in. I'm going in.	ALVY	 (Waving to Annie) Go ahead.  Good-bye.	ANNIE	 Look, while we're talking we could be inside, you know that?	ALVY	 (Watching people with tickets move past them) Hey, can we not stand here and argue in front of everybody, 'cause I get embarrassed.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Look, while we're talking we could be inside, you know that?	ALVY	 (Watching people with tickets move past them) Hey, can we not stand here and argue in front of everybody, 'cause I get embarrassed.	ANNIE	 Alright.  All right, all right, so whatta you wanna do?	ALVY	 I don't know now.  You-you wanna go to another movie? (Annie nods her head and shrugs her shoulders disgustedly as Alvy, gesturing with his band, looks at her) So let's go see The Sorrow and the Pity.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Alright.  All right, all right, so whatta you wanna do?	ALVY	 I don't know now.  You-you wanna go to another movie? (Annie nods her head and shrugs her shoulders disgustedly as Alvy, gesturing with his band, looks at her) So let's go see The Sorrow and the Pity.	ANNIE	 Oh, come on, we've seen it.  I'm not in the mood to see a four-hour documentary on Nazis.	ALVY	 Well, I'm sorry, I-I can't ... I-I-I've gotta see a picture exactly from the start to the finish, 'cause-'cause I'm anal.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Well, I'm sorry, I-I can't ... I-I-I've gotta see a picture exactly from the start to the finish, 'cause-'cause I'm anal.	ANNIE	 (Laughing now) H'h, that's a polite word for what you are.					Annie Hall 
MAN IN LINE	 (Loudly to his companion right behind Alvy and Annie) We saw the Fellini film last Tuesday. It is not one of his best.  It lacks a cohesive structure.  You know, you get the feeling that he's not absolutely sure what it is he wants to say.  'Course, I've always felt he was essentially a-a technical film maker.  Granted, La Strada was a great film.  Great in its use of negative energy more than anything else.  But that simple cohesive core ...	ALVY	 (Overlapping the man's speech) I'm-I'm-I'm gonna have a stroke.	ANNIE	 (Reading) Well, stop listening to him.	MAN IN LINE	 (Overlapping Alvy and Annie) You know, it must need to have had its leading from one thought to another. You know what I'm talking about?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Overlapping the man's speech) I'm-I'm-I'm gonna have a stroke.	ANNIE	 (Reading) Well, stop listening to him.	MAN IN LINE	 (Overlapping Alvy and Annie) You know, it must need to have had its leading from one thought to another. You know what I'm talking about?	ALVY	 (Sighing) He's screaming his opinions in my ear.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Reading) Well, stop listening to him.	MAN IN LINE	 (Overlapping Alvy and Annie) You know, it must need to have had its leading from one thought to another. You know what I'm talking about?	ALVY	 (Sighing) He's screaming his opinions in my ear.	MAN IN LINE	 Like all that Juliet of the Spirits or Satyricon, I found it incredibly ... indulgent.  You know, he really is.  He's one of the most indulgent film makers.  He really is-	Annie Hall 
MAN IN LINE	 (Overlapping Alvy and Annie) You know, it must need to have had its leading from one thought to another. You know what I'm talking about?	ALVY	 (Sighing) He's screaming his opinions in my ear.	MAN IN LINE	 Like all that Juliet of the Spirits or Satyricon, I found it incredibly ... indulgent.  You know, he really is.  He's one of the most indulgent film makers.  He really is-	ALVY	 (Overlapping) Key word here is "indulgent."	Annie Hall 
MAN IN LINE	 Like all that Juliet of the Spirits or Satyricon, I found it incredibly ... indulgent.  You know, he really is.  He's one of the most indulgent film makers.  He really is-	ALVY	 (Overlapping) Key word here is "indulgent."	MAN IN LINE	 (Overlapping) -without getting ... well, let's put it this way ...	ALVY	 (To Annie, who is still reading, overlapping the man in line who is still talking) What are you depressed about?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Overlapping) Key word here is "indulgent."	MAN IN LINE	 (Overlapping) -without getting ... well, let's put it this way ...	ALVY	 (To Annie, who is still reading, overlapping the man in line who is still talking) What are you depressed about?	ANNIE	 I missed my therapy.  I overslept.	Annie Hall 
MAN IN LINE	 (Overlapping) -without getting ... well, let's put it this way ...	ALVY	 (To Annie, who is still reading, overlapping the man in line who is still talking) What are you depressed about?	ANNIE	 I missed my therapy.  I overslept.	ALVY	 How can you possibly oversleep?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 The alarm clock.	ALVY	 (Gasping) You know what a hostile gesture that is to me?	ANNIE	 I know-because of our sexual problem, right?	ALVY	 Hey, you ... everybody in line at the New Yorker has to know our rate of intercourse?	Annie Hall 
MAN IN LINE	 - It's like Samuel Beckett, you know- I admire the technique but he doesn't ... he doesn't hit me on a gut level.	ALVY	 (To Annie) I'd like to hit this guy on a gut level.	ANNIE	 Stop it, Alvy!	ALVY	 (Wringing his hands) Well, he's spitting on my neck!  You know, he's spitting on my neck when he talks.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Stop it, Alvy!	ALVY	 (Wringing his hands) Well, he's spitting on my neck!  You know, he's spitting on my neck when he talks.	MAN IN LINE	 And then, the most important thing of all is a comedian's vision.	ANNIE	 And you know something else?  You know, you're so egocentric that if I miss my therapy you can think of it in terms of how it affects you!	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 And you know something else?  You know, you're so egocentric that if I miss my therapy you can think of it in terms of how it affects you!	MAN IN LINE	 (Lighting a cigarette while he talks) Gal gun-shy is what it is.	ALVY	 (Reacting again to the man in line) Probably on their first date, right?	MAN IN LINE	 (Still going on) It's a narrow view.	Annie Hall 
MAN IN LINE	 (Lighting a cigarette while he talks) Gal gun-shy is what it is.	ALVY	 (Reacting again to the man in line) Probably on their first date, right?	MAN IN LINE	 (Still going on) It's a narrow view.	ALVY	 Probably met by answering an ad in the New York Review of Books.  "Thirtyish academic wishes to meet woman who's interested in Mozart, James Joyce and sodomy." (He sighs; then to Annie) Whatta you mean, our sexual problem?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Reacting again to the man in line) Probably on their first date, right?	MAN IN LINE	 (Still going on) It's a narrow view.	ALVY	 Probably met by answering an ad in the New York Review of Books.  "Thirtyish academic wishes to meet woman who's interested in Mozart, James Joyce and sodomy." (He sighs; then to Annie) Whatta you mean, our sexual problem?	ANNIE	 Oh!	Annie Hall 
MAN IN LINE	 (Still going on) It's a narrow view.	ALVY	 Probably met by answering an ad in the New York Review of Books.  "Thirtyish academic wishes to meet woman who's interested in Mozart, James Joyce and sodomy." (He sighs; then to Annie) Whatta you mean, our sexual problem?	ANNIE	 Oh!	ALVY	 I-I-I mean, I'm comparatively normal for a guy raised in Brooklyn.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 I never read that.  That was-that was Henry James, right?  Novel, uh, the sequel to Turn of the Screw?  My Sexual ...	MAN IN LINE	 (Even louder now) It's the influence of television.  Yeah, now Marshall McLuhan deals with it in terms of it being a-a high, uh, high intensity, you understand?  A hot medium ... as opposed to a ...	ALVY	 (More and more aggravated) What I wouldn't give for a large sock o' horse manure.	MAN IN LINE	 ... as opposed to a print ...	Annie Hall 
MAN IN LINE	 (Even louder now) It's the influence of television.  Yeah, now Marshall McLuhan deals with it in terms of it being a-a high, uh, high intensity, you understand?  A hot medium ... as opposed to a ...	ALVY	 (More and more aggravated) What I wouldn't give for a large sock o' horse manure.	MAN IN LINE	 ... as opposed to a print ...	ALVY	 (Sighing and addressing the audience) What do you do when you get stuck in a movie line with a guy like this behind you?  I mean, it's just maddening!	Annie Hall 
MAN IN LINE	 ... as opposed to a print ...	ALVY	 (Sighing and addressing the audience) What do you do when you get stuck in a movie line with a guy like this behind you?  I mean, it's just maddening!	MAN IN LINE	 Wait a minute, why can't I give my opinion? It's a free country!	ALVY	 I mean, d- He can give you- Do you hafta give it so loud?  I mean, aren't you ashamed to pontificate like that?  And-and the funny part of it is, M-Marshall McLuhan, you don't know anything about Marshall McLuhan's...work!	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 I mean, d- He can give you- Do you hafta give it so loud?  I mean, aren't you ashamed to pontificate like that?  And-and the funny part of it is, M-Marshall McLuhan, you don't know anything about Marshall McLuhan's...work!	MAN IN LINE	 (Overlapping) Wait a minute!  Really?  Really?  I happen to teach a class at Columbia called "TV Media and Culture"!  So I think that my insights into Mr. McLuhan-well, have a great deal of validity.	ALVY	 Oh, do yuh?	MAN IN LINE	 Yes.	Annie Hall 
MAN IN LINE	 Oh.	ALVY	 (To McLuban) Tell him.	MCLUHAN	 (To the man in line) I hear-I heard what you were saying. You-you know nothing of my work.  You mean my whole fallacy is wrong.  How you ever got to teach a course in anything is totally amazing.	ALVY	 (To the camera) Boy, if life were only like this!	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (To McLuban) Tell him.	MCLUHAN	 (To the man in line) I hear-I heard what you were saying. You-you know nothing of my work.  You mean my whole fallacy is wrong.  How you ever got to teach a course in anything is totally amazing.	ALVY	 (To the camera) Boy, if life were only like this!			Annie Hall 
MCLUHAN	 (To the man in line) I hear-I heard what you were saying. You-you know nothing of my work.  You mean my whole fallacy is wrong.  How you ever got to teach a course in anything is totally amazing.	ALVY	 (To the camera) Boy, if life were only like this!					Annie Hall 
MARCEL OPHULS, ANDRE HARRIS, 1969	 Chronicle of a French town during the Occupation	NARRATOR'S VOICE	 (Over credits and soldiers) June fourteenth, nineteen forty, the German army occupies Paris.  All over the country, people are desperate for every available scrap of news.					Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Off screen) Boy, those guys in the French Resistance were really brave, you know?  Got to listen to Maurice Chevalier sing so much.	ANNIE	 M'm, I don't know, sometimes I ask myself how I'd stand up under torture.	ALVY	 (Off screen) You?  You kiddin'? (He moves into the frame, lying across the bed to touch, Annie, who makes a face) If the Gestapo would take away your Bloomingdale's charge card, you'd tell 'em everything.			Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 M'm, I don't know, sometimes I ask myself how I'd stand up under torture.	ALVY	 (Off screen) You?  You kiddin'? (He moves into the frame, lying across the bed to touch, Annie, who makes a face) If the Gestapo would take away your Bloomingdale's charge card, you'd tell 'em everything.	ANNIE	 That movie makes me feel guilty.	ALVY	 Yeah, 'cause it's supposed to.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 I-you know, I don't wanna.	ALVY	 (Overlapping Annie, reacting) What-what-I don't ... It's not natural! We're sleeping in a bed together.  You know, it's been a long time.	ANNIE	 I know, well, it's just that-you know, I mean, I-I-I-I gotta sing tomorrow night, so I have to rest my voice.	ALVY	 (Overlapping Annie again) It's always some kind of an excuse.  It's- You know, you used to think that I was very sexy.  What ... When we first started going out, we had sex constantly ... We're- we're probably listed in the Guinness Book of World Records.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 I know, well, it's just that-you know, I mean, I-I-I-I gotta sing tomorrow night, so I have to rest my voice.	ALVY	 (Overlapping Annie again) It's always some kind of an excuse.  It's- You know, you used to think that I was very sexy.  What ... When we first started going out, we had sex constantly ... We're- we're probably listed in the Guinness Book of World Records.	ANNIE	 (Patting Alvy's band solicitously) I know.  Well, Alvy, it'll pass, it'll pass, it's just that I'm going through a phase, that's all.	ALVY	 M'm.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Overlapping Annie again) It's always some kind of an excuse.  It's- You know, you used to think that I was very sexy.  What ... When we first started going out, we had sex constantly ... We're- we're probably listed in the Guinness Book of World Records.	ANNIE	 (Patting Alvy's band solicitously) I know.  Well, Alvy, it'll pass, it'll pass, it's just that I'm going through a phase, that's all.	ALVY	 M'm.	ANNIE	 I mean, you've been married before, you know how things can get.  You were very hot for Allison at first.	Annie Hall 
ALLISON	 (Looking down at the clipboard) Ma'am, you're on right after this man ... about twenty minutes, something like that.	WOMAN	 Oh, thank you.	ALVY	 (Coughing) Excuse ... excuse me, when do I go on?			Annie Hall 
WOMAN	 Oh, thank you.	ALVY	 (Coughing) Excuse ... excuse me, when do I go on?	ALLISON	 (Looking down at the clipboard) Who are you?	ALVY	 Alvy ... Alvy Singer.  I'm a comedian.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Coughing) Excuse ... excuse me, when do I go on?	ALLISON	 (Looking down at the clipboard) Who are you?	ALVY	 Alvy ... Alvy Singer.  I'm a comedian.	ALLISON	 Oh, comedian.  Yes.  Oh, uh ... you're on next.	Annie Hall 
ALLISON	 Oh, comedian.  Yes.  Oh, uh ... you're on next.	ALVY	 (Rubbing his hands together nervously) What do you mean, next?	ALLISON	 (Laughing) Uh ... I mean you're on right after this act.	ALVY	 (Gesturing) No, it can't be, because he's a comic.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Rubbing his hands together nervously) What do you mean, next?	ALLISON	 (Laughing) Uh ... I mean you're on right after this act.	ALVY	 (Gesturing) No, it can't be, because he's a comic.	ALLISON	 Yes.	Annie Hall 
ALLISON	 (Laughing) Uh ... I mean you're on right after this act.	ALVY	 (Gesturing) No, it can't be, because he's a comic.	ALLISON	 Yes.	ALVY	 So what are you telling me, you're putting on two comics in a row?	Annie Hall 
ALLISON	 It's okay.	ALVY	 No, because they're-they're laughing, so (He starts laughing nervously) I-I-I'd rather not.  If you don't mind, I prefer-	ALLISON	 (Overlapping) Will you relax, please?  They're gonna love you, I know.	ALVY	 (Overlapping) I prefer not to, because ... look, they're laughing at him.  See, so what are yuh telling me-	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 No, because they're-they're laughing, so (He starts laughing nervously) I-I-I'd rather not.  If you don't mind, I prefer-	ALLISON	 (Overlapping) Will you relax, please?  They're gonna love you, I know.	ALVY	 (Overlapping) I prefer not to, because ... look, they're laughing at him.  See, so what are yuh telling me-	ALLISON	 (Overlapping) Yes.	Annie Hall 
ALLISON	 (Overlapping) Will you relax, please?  They're gonna love you, I know.	ALVY	 (Overlapping) I prefer not to, because ... look, they're laughing at him.  See, so what are yuh telling me-	ALLISON	 (Overlapping) Yes.	ALVY	 (Overlapping) -that I've got to ... ah ... ah ... They're gonna laugh at him for a couple minutes, then I gotta go out there, I gotta ... get laughs, too.  How much can they laugh? (Off screen) They-they they're laughed out.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Overlapping) I prefer not to, because ... look, they're laughing at him.  See, so what are yuh telling me-	ALLISON	 (Overlapping) Yes.	ALVY	 (Overlapping) -that I've got to ... ah ... ah ... They're gonna laugh at him for a couple minutes, then I gotta go out there, I gotta ... get laughs, too.  How much can they laugh? (Off screen) They-they they're laughed out.	ALLISON	 (Off screen) Do you feel all right?	Annie Hall 
ALLISON	 (Overlapping) Yes.	ALVY	 (Overlapping) -that I've got to ... ah ... ah ... They're gonna laugh at him for a couple minutes, then I gotta go out there, I gotta ... get laughs, too.  How much can they laugh? (Off screen) They-they they're laughed out.	ALLISON	 (Off screen) Do you feel all right?	COMEDIAN	 (Off screen, onstage) You know ...	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Overlapping) -that I've got to ... ah ... ah ... They're gonna laugh at him for a couple minutes, then I gotta go out there, I gotta ... get laughs, too.  How much can they laugh? (Off screen) They-they they're laughed out.	ALLISON	 (Off screen) Do you feel all right?	COMEDIAN	 (Off screen, onstage) You know ...	ALVY	 (Above the chatter around him) Look, what's your-what's your name?	Annie Hall 
ALLISON	 (Off screen) Do you feel all right?	COMEDIAN	 (Off screen, onstage) You know ...	ALVY	 (Above the chatter around him) Look, what's your-what's your name?	COMEDIAN	 (Off screen) ... General Eisenhower is not ...	Annie Hall 
COMEDIAN	 (Off screen, onstage) You know ...	ALVY	 (Above the chatter around him) Look, what's your-what's your name?	COMEDIAN	 (Off screen) ... General Eisenhower is not ...	ALLISON	 (Looking out at the stage) Allison.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Above the chatter around him) Look, what's your-what's your name?	COMEDIAN	 (Off screen) ... General Eisenhower is not ...	ALLISON	 (Looking out at the stage) Allison.	ALVY	 Yeah?  Allison what?	Annie Hall 
COMEDIAN	 (Off screen) ... General Eisenhower is not ...	ALLISON	 (Looking out at the stage) Allison.	ALVY	 Yeah?  Allison what?	ALLISON	 (Still looking off screen) Portchnik.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Yeah?  Allison what?	ALLISON	 (Still looking off screen) Portchnik.	COMEDIAN	 ... a group from the ...	ALVY	 (Coughing) Thank you. I-I don't know why they would have me at this kind of rally 'cause ... (He clears his throat) Excuse me, I'm not essentially a political comedian at all.	Annie Hall 
COMEDIAN	 ... a group from the ...	ALVY	 (Coughing) Thank you. I-I don't know why they would have me at this kind of rally 'cause ... (He clears his throat) Excuse me, I'm not essentially a political comedian at all.	ALVY	 I ... interestingly had, uh, dated ... a woman in the Eisenhower Administration ... briefly ... and, uh, it was ironic to me 'cause, uh . . . tsch . . . 'cause I was trying to, u-u-uh, do to her what Eisenhower has been doing to the country for the last eight years.			Annie Hall 
ALLISON	 Alvy.	ALVY	 I'll tell you this!  He was not marksman enough to hit a moving target at that range.  But ... (Clears his throat) if there was a second assassin ... it- That's it!	ALLISON	 We've been through this.	ALVY	 If they-they recovered the shells from that rifle.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 If they-they recovered the shells from that rifle.	ALLISON	 (Moving back to the bed and lighting a cigarette) Okay.  All right, so whatta yuh saying, now?  That e-e-everybody o-o-on the Warren Commission is in on this conspiracy, right?	ALVY	 Well, why not?	ALLISON	 Yeah, Earl Warren?	Annie Hall 
ALLISON	 Yeah, Earl Warren?	ALVY	 (Moving toward the bed) Hey ... honey, I don't know Earl Warren.	ALLISON	 Lyndon Johnson?	ALVY	 (Propping one knee on the bed and gesturing) L-L-Lyndon Johns Lyndon Johnson is a politician.  You know the ethics those guys have?  It's like-uh, a notch underneath child molester.	Annie Hall 
ALLISON	 Lyndon Johnson?	ALVY	 (Propping one knee on the bed and gesturing) L-L-Lyndon Johns Lyndon Johnson is a politician.  You know the ethics those guys have?  It's like-uh, a notch underneath child molester.	ALLISON	 Then everybody's in in the conspiracy?	ALVY	 (Nodding his head) Tsch.	Annie Hall 
ALLISON	 Then everybody's in in the conspiracy?	ALVY	 (Nodding his head) Tsch.	ALLISON	 The FBI, and the CIA, and J. Edgar Hoover and oil companies and the Pentagon and the men's-room attendant at the White House?	ALVY	 I-I-I-I would leave out the men's-room attendant.	Annie Hall 
ALLISON	 You're using this conspiracy theory as an excuse to avoid sex with me.	ALVY	 Oh, my God! (Then, to the camera) She's right!  Why did I turn off Allison Portchnik?  She was-she was beautiful.  She was willing.  She was real ... intelligent. (Sighing) Is it the old Groucho Marx joke?  That-that I-I just don't wanna belong to any club that would have someone like me for a member?					Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Don't give it to me.  Don't!	ANNIE	 (Hysterically) Oooh!  Here!  Here!	ALVY	 (Pointing) Look!  Look, one crawled behind the refrigerator.  It'll turn up in our bed at night. (They move over to the refrigerator; Alvy moves as close to the wall as possible as Annie, covering her mouth and laughing hysterically, teasingly dangles a lobster in front of him) Will you get outta here with that thing? Jesus!	ANNIE	 (Laughing, to the lobster) Get him!	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Hysterically) Oooh!  Here!  Here!	ALVY	 (Pointing) Look!  Look, one crawled behind the refrigerator.  It'll turn up in our bed at night. (They move over to the refrigerator; Alvy moves as close to the wall as possible as Annie, covering her mouth and laughing hysterically, teasingly dangles a lobster in front of him) Will you get outta here with that thing? Jesus!	ANNIE	 (Laughing, to the lobster) Get him!	ALVY	 (Laughing) Talk to him.  You speak shellfish! (He moves over to the stove and takes the lid of a large steamer filled with boiling water) Hey, look ... put it in the pot.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Pointing) Look!  Look, one crawled behind the refrigerator.  It'll turn up in our bed at night. (They move over to the refrigerator; Alvy moves as close to the wall as possible as Annie, covering her mouth and laughing hysterically, teasingly dangles a lobster in front of him) Will you get outta here with that thing? Jesus!	ANNIE	 (Laughing, to the lobster) Get him!	ALVY	 (Laughing) Talk to him.  You speak shellfish! (He moves over to the stove and takes the lid of a large steamer filled with boiling water) Hey, look ... put it in the pot.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) I can't!  I can't put him in the pot.  I can't put a live thing in hot water.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Laughing, to the lobster) Get him!	ALVY	 (Laughing) Talk to him.  You speak shellfish! (He moves over to the stove and takes the lid of a large steamer filled with boiling water) Hey, look ... put it in the pot.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) I can't!  I can't put him in the pot.  I can't put a live thing in hot water.	ALVY	 (Overlapping) Gimme!  Gimme!  Let me do it!  What-what's he think we're gonna do, take him to the movies?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Laughing) Talk to him.  You speak shellfish! (He moves over to the stove and takes the lid of a large steamer filled with boiling water) Hey, look ... put it in the pot.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) I can't!  I can't put him in the pot.  I can't put a live thing in hot water.	ALVY	 (Overlapping) Gimme!  Gimme!  Let me do it!  What-what's he think we're gonna do, take him to the movies?	ANNIE	 (Overlapping Alvy and making sounds) Oh, God!  Here yuh go!  Oh, good, now he'll think- (She screams) Aaaah!  Okay.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Laughing) I can't!  I can't put him in the pot.  I can't put a live thing in hot water.	ALVY	 (Overlapping) Gimme!  Gimme!  Let me do it!  What-what's he think we're gonna do, take him to the movies?	ANNIE	 (Overlapping Alvy and making sounds) Oh, God!  Here yuh go!  Oh, good, now he'll think- (She screams) Aaaah!  Okay.	ALVY	 (Overlapping Annie) Okay, it's in.  It's definitely in the pot!	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Overlapping) Gimme!  Gimme!  Let me do it!  What-what's he think we're gonna do, take him to the movies?	ANNIE	 (Overlapping Alvy and making sounds) Oh, God!  Here yuh go!  Oh, good, now he'll think- (She screams) Aaaah!  Okay.	ALVY	 (Overlapping Annie) Okay, it's in.  It's definitely in the pot!	ANNIE	 All right.  All right.  All right.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Overlapping Alvy and making sounds) Oh, God!  Here yuh go!  Oh, good, now he'll think- (She screams) Aaaah!  Okay.	ALVY	 (Overlapping Annie) Okay, it's in.  It's definitely in the pot!	ANNIE	 All right.  All right.  All right.	ALVY	 Annie, there's a big lobster behind the refrigerator.  I can't get it out. This thing's heavy.  Maybe if I put a little dish of butter sauce here with a nutcracker, it will run out the other side, you know what I mean?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Annie, there's a big lobster behind the refrigerator.  I can't get it out. This thing's heavy.  Maybe if I put a little dish of butter sauce here with a nutcracker, it will run out the other side, you know what I mean?	ANNIE	 (Overlapping) Yeah.  I'm gonna get my ... I'm gonna get my camera.	ALVY	 You know, I-I think ... if I could pry this door off ... We shoulda gotten steaks 'cause they don't have legs.  They don't run around.	ANNIE	 Great!  Great! (Screaming) Goddammit! (Screaming) Ooooh!  These are ... p-p-p-pick this lobster up.  Hold it, please!	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 You know, I-I think ... if I could pry this door off ... We shoulda gotten steaks 'cause they don't have legs.  They don't run around.	ANNIE	 Great!  Great! (Screaming) Goddammit! (Screaming) Ooooh!  These are ... p-p-p-pick this lobster up.  Hold it, please!	ALVY	 All right!  All right!  All right!  All right!  Whatta yuh mean?  Are yuh gonna take pictures now?	ANNIE	 It'll make great- Alvy, be- Alvy, it'll be wonderful ... Ooooh, lovely!	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 It'll make great- Alvy, be- Alvy, it'll be wonderful ... Ooooh, lovely!	ALVY	 (Picking up the lobster Annie placed on the counter earlier) All right, here!  Oh, God, it's disgusting!	ANNIE	 Don't be a jerk.  One more, Alvy, please, one more picture. (Reluctantly Alvy picks up the lobster again as Annie takes another picture) Oh, oh, good, good!			Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Picking up the lobster Annie placed on the counter earlier) All right, here!  Oh, God, it's disgusting!	ANNIE	 Don't be a jerk.  One more, Alvy, please, one more picture. (Reluctantly Alvy picks up the lobster again as Annie takes another picture) Oh, oh, good, good!					Annie Hall 
ALVY	 So, so-well, here's what I wanna know. W-what ... (He clears his throat) Am I your first big romance?	ANNIE	 Oh ... no, no, no, no, uh, uh.  No.	ALVY	 Well, then, w-who was?			Annie Hall 
ALVY'S VOICE	 (Off screen) Dennis-right, uh, uh ... local kid probably, would meetcha in front of the movie house on Saturday night.	ANNIE'S VOICE	 Oh, God, you should've seen what I looked like then.	ALVY'S VOICE	 (Off screen, laughing) Oh, I can imagine.  P-p-probably the wife of an astronaut.			Annie Hall 
ANNIE'S VOICE	 Oh, God, you should've seen what I looked like then.	ALVY'S VOICE	 (Off screen, laughing) Oh, I can imagine.  P-p-probably the wife of an astronaut.	ANNIE'S VOICE	 Then there was Jerry, the actor.			Annie Hall 
ALVY'S VOICE	 (Laughing) Look at you, you-you,-re such a clown.	ANNIE'S VOICE	 I look pretty.	ALVY'S VOICE	 Well, yeah, you always look pretty, but that guy with you ...			Annie Hall 
JERRY	 Acting is like an exploration of the soul. I-it's very religious.  Uh, like, uh, a kind of liberating consciousness.  It's like a visual poem.	ALVY	 (Laughing) Is he kidding with that crap?	YOUNGER ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh, right.  Right, yeah, I think I know exactly what you mean, when you say "religious."	ALVY	 (Incredulous, to Annie) You do?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Laughing) Is he kidding with that crap?	YOUNGER ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh, right.  Right, yeah, I think I know exactly what you mean, when you say "religious."	ALVY	 (Incredulous, to Annie) You do?	ANNIE	 (Still watching) Oh, come on-I mean, I was still younger.	Annie Hall 
YOUNGER ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh, right.  Right, yeah, I think I know exactly what you mean, when you say "religious."	ALVY	 (Incredulous, to Annie) You do?	ANNIE	 (Still watching) Oh, come on-I mean, I was still younger.	ALVY	 Hey, that was last year.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Incredulous, to Annie) You do?	ANNIE	 (Still watching) Oh, come on-I mean, I was still younger.	ALVY	 Hey, that was last year.	JERRY	 It's like when I think of dying.  You know how I would like to die?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Yeah, I-I think you're pretty lucky I came along.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh, really?  Well, la-de-da!	ALVY	 La-de-da.  If I-if anyone had ever told me that I would be taking out a girl who used expressions like "la-de-da" . . .	ANNIE	 Oh, that's right.  That you really like those New York girls.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Off screen) -two of them.	ROBIN	 There's Henry Drucker.  He has a chair in history at Princeton.  Oh, the short man is Hershel Kaminsky.  He has a chair in philosophy at Cornell.	ALVY	 Yeah, two more chairs and they got a dining-room set.			Annie Hall 
ROBIN	 Why are you so hostile?	ALVY	 (Sighing) 'Cause I wanna watch the Knicks on television.	ROBIN	 (Squinting) Is that Paul Goodman?  No. And be nice to the host because he's publishing my book.  Hi, Doug!  Douglas Wyatt. "A Foul-Rag-and-Bone Shop-of-the-Heart."	ALVY	 (Taking Robin's hand) I'm so tired of spending evenings making fake insights with people who work for Dysentery.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Sighing) 'Cause I wanna watch the Knicks on television.	ROBIN	 (Squinting) Is that Paul Goodman?  No. And be nice to the host because he's publishing my book.  Hi, Doug!  Douglas Wyatt. "A Foul-Rag-and-Bone Shop-of-the-Heart."	ALVY	 (Taking Robin's hand) I'm so tired of spending evenings making fake insights with people who work for Dysentery.	ROBIN	 Commentary.	Annie Hall 
ROBIN	 (Squinting) Is that Paul Goodman?  No. And be nice to the host because he's publishing my book.  Hi, Doug!  Douglas Wyatt. "A Foul-Rag-and-Bone Shop-of-the-Heart."	ALVY	 (Taking Robin's hand) I'm so tired of spending evenings making fake insights with people who work for Dysentery.	ROBIN	 Commentary.	ALVY	 Oh, really, I heard that Commentary and Dissent had merged and formed Dysentery.	Annie Hall 
TV ANNOUNCER	 (Off screen) Cleveland Cavaliers losing to the New York Knicks.	ROBIN	 Here you are.  There's people out there.	ALVY	 Hey, you wouldn't believe this.  Two minutes ago, the Knicks are ahead fourteen points, and now ... (Clears his throat) they're ahead two points.			Annie Hall 
ROBIN	 Here you are.  There's people out there.	ALVY	 Hey, you wouldn't believe this.  Two minutes ago, the Knicks are ahead fourteen points, and now ... (Clears his throat) they're ahead two points.	ROBIN	 Alvy, what is so fascinating about a group of pituitary cases trying to stuff the ball through a hoop?	ALVY	 (Looking at Robin) What's fascinating is that it's physical. You know, it's one thing about intellectuals, they prove that you can be absolutely brilliant and have no idea what's going on.  But on the other hand ... (Clears his throat) the body doesn't lie, as-as we now know.	Annie Hall 
ROBIN	 Alvy, what is so fascinating about a group of pituitary cases trying to stuff the ball through a hoop?	ALVY	 (Looking at Robin) What's fascinating is that it's physical. You know, it's one thing about intellectuals, they prove that you can be absolutely brilliant and have no idea what's going on.  But on the other hand ... (Clears his throat) the body doesn't lie, as-as we now know.	ROBIN	 Stop acting out.	ALVY	 No, it'll be great!  It'll be great, be-because all those Ph.D.'s are in there, you know, like ... discussing models of alienation and we'll be in here quietly humping.	Annie Hall 
ROBIN	 Alvy, don't!  You're using sex to express hostility.	ALVY	 "'Why-why do you always r-reduce my animal urges to psychoanalytic categories?' (Clears his throat) he said as he removed her brassiere..."	ROBIN	 (Pulling away again) There are people out there from The New Yorker magazine.  My God!  What would they think?			Annie Hall 
ALVY	 "'Why-why do you always r-reduce my animal urges to psychoanalytic categories?' (Clears his throat) he said as he removed her brassiere..."	ROBIN	 (Pulling away again) There are people out there from The New Yorker magazine.  My God!  What would they think?					Annie Hall 
ROBIN	 Dammit!  I was so close.	ALVY	 (Gesturing) Jesus, last night it was some guy honking his car horn.  I mean, the city can't close down.  You know, what-whatta yuh gonna do, h-have 'em shut down the airport, too?  No more flights so we can have sex?	ROBIN	 (Reaching over for her eyeglasses on the night table) I'm too tense.  I need a Valium.  My analyst says I should live in the country and not in New York.	ALVY	 Well, I can't li- We can't have this discussion all the time.  The country makes me nervous.  There's ... You got crickets and it-it's quiet ... there's no place to walk after dinner, and... uh, there's the screens with the dead moths behind them, and... uh, yuh got the-the Manson family possibly, yuh got Dick and Terry-	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Gesturing) Jesus, last night it was some guy honking his car horn.  I mean, the city can't close down.  You know, what-whatta yuh gonna do, h-have 'em shut down the airport, too?  No more flights so we can have sex?	ROBIN	 (Reaching over for her eyeglasses on the night table) I'm too tense.  I need a Valium.  My analyst says I should live in the country and not in New York.	ALVY	 Well, I can't li- We can't have this discussion all the time.  The country makes me nervous.  There's ... You got crickets and it-it's quiet ... there's no place to walk after dinner, and... uh, there's the screens with the dead moths behind them, and... uh, yuh got the-the Manson family possibly, yuh got Dick and Terry-	ROBIN	 (Interrupting) Okay, okay, my analyst just thinks I'm too tense.  Where's the goddamn Valium?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Well, I can't li- We can't have this discussion all the time.  The country makes me nervous.  There's ... You got crickets and it-it's quiet ... there's no place to walk after dinner, and... uh, there's the screens with the dead moths behind them, and... uh, yuh got the-the Manson family possibly, yuh got Dick and Terry-	ROBIN	 (Interrupting) Okay, okay, my analyst just thinks I'm too tense.  Where's the goddamn Valium?	ALVY	 Hey, come on, it's quiet now.  We can-we can start again.	ROBIN	 I can't.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Laughing) I know, but ooh- here he comes.  Okay.	ROB	 You know Alvy?	JANET	 Oh, hi, Alvy.			Annie Hall 
JANET	 Oh, hi, Alvy.	ANNIE	 (To Rob) How are yuh?	ROB	 (To Alvy) You know Annie?	JANET	 I'm sorry.  This is Annie Hall.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (To Rob) How are yuh?	ROB	 (To Alvy) You know Annie?	JANET	 I'm sorry.  This is Annie Hall.	ALVY	 Hi.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Hi.	JANET	 (Laughing) Alvy.	ROB	 (Eager to begin) Who's playing who here?  Alvy Well, uh ... you and me against them?	ANNIE	 (Overlapping Alvy) Well ... so ... I can't play too good, you know.	Annie Hall 
JANET	 (Laughing) Alvy.	ROB	 (Eager to begin) Who's playing who here?  Alvy Well, uh ... you and me against them?	ANNIE	 (Overlapping Alvy) Well ... so ... I can't play too good, you know.	JANET	 (Laughing) I've had four lessons!	Annie Hall 
ROB	 (Eager to begin) Who's playing who here?  Alvy Well, uh ... you and me against them?	ANNIE	 (Overlapping Alvy) Well ... so ... I can't play too good, you know.	JANET	 (Laughing) I've had four lessons!	ALVY	 (Hitting the halt back) Holy gods!	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Overlapping Alvy) Well ... so ... I can't play too good, you know.	JANET	 (Laughing) I've had four lessons!	ALVY	 (Hitting the halt back) Holy gods!			Annie Hall 
JANET	 (Laughing) I've had four lessons!	ALVY	 (Hitting the halt back) Holy gods!					Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Hi.  Hi, hi.	ALVY	 (Looking over his shoulder) Hi.  Oh, hi.  Hi.	ANNIE	 (Hands clasped in front of her, smiling) Well, bye. She laughs and backs up slowly toward the door.	ALVY	 (Clearing his throat) You-you play ... very well.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Looking over his shoulder) Hi.  Oh, hi.  Hi.	ANNIE	 (Hands clasped in front of her, smiling) Well, bye. She laughs and backs up slowly toward the door.	ALVY	 (Clearing his throat) You-you play ... very well.	ANNIE	 Oh, yeah?  So do you.  Oh, God, whatta- (Making sounds and laughing) whatta dumb thing to say, right?  I mean, you say it, "You play well," and right away ... I have to say well.  Oh, oh ... God, Annie. (She gestures with her hand) Well ... oh, well ... la-de-da, la-de-da, la-la.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Hands clasped in front of her, smiling) Well, bye. She laughs and backs up slowly toward the door.	ALVY	 (Clearing his throat) You-you play ... very well.	ANNIE	 Oh, yeah?  So do you.  Oh, God, whatta- (Making sounds and laughing) whatta dumb thing to say, right?  I mean, you say it, "You play well," and right away ... I have to say well.  Oh, oh ... God, Annie. (She gestures with her hand) Well ... oh, well ... la-de-da, la-de-da, la-la.	ALVY	 (Still looking over his shoulder) Uh ... you-you wanna lift?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Clearing his throat) You-you play ... very well.	ANNIE	 Oh, yeah?  So do you.  Oh, God, whatta- (Making sounds and laughing) whatta dumb thing to say, right?  I mean, you say it, "You play well," and right away ... I have to say well.  Oh, oh ... God, Annie. (She gestures with her hand) Well ... oh, well ... la-de-da, la-de-da, la-la.	ALVY	 (Still looking over his shoulder) Uh ... you-you wanna lift?	ANNIE	 (Turning and aiming her thumb over her shoulder) Oh, why-uh ... y-y-you gotta car?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Oh, yeah?  So do you.  Oh, God, whatta- (Making sounds and laughing) whatta dumb thing to say, right?  I mean, you say it, "You play well," and right away ... I have to say well.  Oh, oh ... God, Annie. (She gestures with her hand) Well ... oh, well ... la-de-da, la-de-da, la-la.	ALVY	 (Still looking over his shoulder) Uh ... you-you wanna lift?	ANNIE	 (Turning and aiming her thumb over her shoulder) Oh, why-uh ... y-y-you gotta car?	ALVY	 No, um ... I was gonna take a cab.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Still looking over his shoulder) Uh ... you-you wanna lift?	ANNIE	 (Turning and aiming her thumb over her shoulder) Oh, why-uh ... y-y-you gotta car?	ALVY	 No, um ... I was gonna take a cab.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh, no, I have a car.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 No, um ... I was gonna take a cab.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh, no, I have a car.	ALVY	 You have a car? (Annie smiles, hands folded in front of her) So ... (Clears his throat) I don't understand why ... if you have a car, so then-then wh-why did you say "Do you have a car?"... like you wanted a lift?	ANNIE	 I don't ... (Laughing) I don't ... Geez, I don't know, I've ... I wa- This ... yeah, I got this VW out there ... (Laughing and gesturing toward the door) What a jerk, yeah.  Would you like a lift?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh, no, I have a car.	ALVY	 You have a car? (Annie smiles, hands folded in front of her) So ... (Clears his throat) I don't understand why ... if you have a car, so then-then wh-why did you say "Do you have a car?"... like you wanted a lift?	ANNIE	 I don't ... (Laughing) I don't ... Geez, I don't know, I've ... I wa- This ... yeah, I got this VW out there ... (Laughing and gesturing toward the door) What a jerk, yeah.  Would you like a lift?	ALVY	 (Zipping up his bag) Sure.  W-w-w-which way yuh goin'?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 You have a car? (Annie smiles, hands folded in front of her) So ... (Clears his throat) I don't understand why ... if you have a car, so then-then wh-why did you say "Do you have a car?"... like you wanted a lift?	ANNIE	 I don't ... (Laughing) I don't ... Geez, I don't know, I've ... I wa- This ... yeah, I got this VW out there ... (Laughing and gesturing toward the door) What a jerk, yeah.  Would you like a lift?	ALVY	 (Zipping up his bag) Sure.  W-w-w-which way yuh goin'?	ANNIE	 Me?  Oh, downtown!	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 I don't ... (Laughing) I don't ... Geez, I don't know, I've ... I wa- This ... yeah, I got this VW out there ... (Laughing and gesturing toward the door) What a jerk, yeah.  Would you like a lift?	ALVY	 (Zipping up his bag) Sure.  W-w-w-which way yuh goin'?	ANNIE	 Me?  Oh, downtown!	ALVY	 Down- I'm-I'm goin' uptown.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Down- I'm-I'm goin' uptown.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh, well, I'm goin' uptown, too.	ALVY	 Uh, well, you just said you were going downtown.	ANNIE	 Yeah, well, I'm, but I ...	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Yeah, well, I'm, but I ...	ALVY	 (Laughing) So sorry.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) I mean, I can go uptown, too.  I live uptown, but ... uh, what the hell, I mean, it'd be nice having company, you know I mean, I hate driving alone.	ALVY	 (Making sounds) Yeah.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Laughing) So sorry.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) I mean, I can go uptown, too.  I live uptown, but ... uh, what the hell, I mean, it'd be nice having company, you know I mean, I hate driving alone.	ALVY	 (Making sounds) Yeah.			Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Laughing) I mean, I can go uptown, too.  I live uptown, but ... uh, what the hell, I mean, it'd be nice having company, you know I mean, I hate driving alone.	ALVY	 (Making sounds) Yeah.					Annie Hall 
ALVY	 So, how long do you know Janet?  Where do you know her from?	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh, I'm in her acting class.	ALVY	 Oh - you're an actress.	ANNIE	 Well, I do commercials, sort of ...	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 No, Chippewa Falls.	ALVY	 Right! (A pause) Where?	ANNIE	 Wisconsin.	ALVY	 (Finally reacting) Uh, you're driving a-	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Wisconsin.	ALVY	 (Finally reacting) Uh, you're driving a-	ANNIE	 Uh, don't worry, I'm a very- (A car moves closer to the VW, almost on top of it in the wrong direction.  Annie swerves away at the very last minute) -a very good driver. (Alvy rubs his head nervously, staring out the window as Annie speeds along) So, listen-hey, you want some gum, anyway?	ALVY	 No, no thanks.  Hey, don't-	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Finally reacting) Uh, you're driving a-	ANNIE	 Uh, don't worry, I'm a very- (A car moves closer to the VW, almost on top of it in the wrong direction.  Annie swerves away at the very last minute) -a very good driver. (Alvy rubs his head nervously, staring out the window as Annie speeds along) So, listen-hey, you want some gum, anyway?	ALVY	 No, no thanks.  Hey, don't-	ANNIE	 Well, where is it?  I-	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Nice car.	ANNIE	 (A bit rapidly) Huh?	ALVY	 You keep it nice. (He pulls a half-eaten sandwich out of her bag) Can I ask you, is this-is this a sandwich?	ANNIE	 Huh?  Oh, yeah.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (A bit rapidly) Huh?	ALVY	 You keep it nice. (He pulls a half-eaten sandwich out of her bag) Can I ask you, is this-is this a sandwich?	ANNIE	 Huh?  Oh, yeah.			Annie Hall 
ALVY	 You want your gear?  Here you go.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Yeah, thanks.  Thanks a lot.  Well...	ALVY	 (Sighing) Well, thanks, thank you.  You-you're a wonderful tennis player.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Laughing) Yeah, thanks.  Thanks a lot.  Well...	ALVY	 (Sighing) Well, thanks, thank you.  You-you're a wonderful tennis player.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh.	ALVY	 You're the worst driver I've ever seen in my life . . . that's including any place ... the worst ... Europe, United ... any place ... Asia.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Sighing) Well, thanks, thank you.  You-you're a wonderful tennis player.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh.	ALVY	 You're the worst driver I've ever seen in my life . . . that's including any place ... the worst ... Europe, United ... any place ... Asia.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Yeah.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 You're the worst driver I've ever seen in my life . . . that's including any place ... the worst ... Europe, United ... any place ... Asia.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Yeah.	ALVY	 And I love what you're wearin'.	ANNIE	 Oh, you do?  Yeah?  Oh, well, it's uh ... this is, uh ... this tie is a present, from Grammy Hall.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Who?  Grammy?  Grammy Hall?	ANNIE	 (Laughing and nodding her head) Yeah, my grammy.	ALVY	 You're jo- Whatta yuh kid- What did you do, grow up in a Norman Rockwell painting?	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Yeah, I know.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 You're jo- Whatta yuh kid- What did you do, grow up in a Norman Rockwell painting?	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Yeah, I know.	ALVY	 Your grammy!	ANNIE	 I know, it's pretty silly, isn't it?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Jesus, my-my grammy ... n-never gave gifts, you know.  She-she was too busy getting raped by Cossacks.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Well ...	ALVY	 Well ... thank you again.	ANNIE	 Oh, yeah, yeah.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 I'll see yuh.	ANNIE	 (Overlapping, gesturing) Hey, well, listen ... hey, you wanna come upstairs and, uh ... and have a glass of wine and something?  Aw, no, I mean ... I mean, you don't have to, you're probably late and everything else ...	ALVY	 No, no, that'll be fine. I don't mind. Sure.	ANNIE	 You sure?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 You sure?	ALVY	 (Overlapping) No, I got time.	ANNIE	 Okay.	ALVY	 Sure, I got ... I got nothing, uh, nothing till my analyst's appointment.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Neat, yeah.	ALVY	 Uh, I hate to tell yuh, this is nineteen seventy-five, you know that "neat" went out, I would say, at the turn of the century. (Annie laughs) Who-who are-who are those photos on the wall?	ANNIE	 (Moving over to the photographs) Oh ... oh, well, you see now now, uh, that's my dad, that's Father-and that's my ... brother, Duane.	ALVY	 Duane?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Uh, I hate to tell yuh, this is nineteen seventy-five, you know that "neat" went out, I would say, at the turn of the century. (Annie laughs) Who-who are-who are those photos on the wall?	ANNIE	 (Moving over to the photographs) Oh ... oh, well, you see now now, uh, that's my dad, that's Father-and that's my ... brother, Duane.	ALVY	 Duane?	ANNIE	 (Pointing) Yeah, right, Duane-and over there is Grammy Hall, and that's Sadie.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Duane?	ANNIE	 (Pointing) Yeah, right, Duane-and over there is Grammy Hall, and that's Sadie.	ALVY	 Well, who's Sadie?	ANNIE	 Sadie?  Oh, well, Sadie... (Laughing) Sadie met Grammy through, uh, through Grammy's brother George.  Uh, George was real sweet, you know, he had that thing. What is that thing where you, uh, where you, uh, fall asleep in the middle of a sentence, you know-what is it?  Uh ...	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Well, who's Sadie?	ANNIE	 Sadie?  Oh, well, Sadie... (Laughing) Sadie met Grammy through, uh, through Grammy's brother George.  Uh, George was real sweet, you know, he had that thing. What is that thing where you, uh, where you, uh, fall asleep in the middle of a sentence, you know-what is it?  Uh ...	ALVY	 Uh, narcolepsy.	ANNIE	 Narcolepsy, right, right.  Right.  So, anyway, so ... (Laughing) George, uh, went to the union, see, to get his free turkey, be-because, uh, the union always gave George this big turkey at Christmas time because he was ... (Annie points her fingers to each side of her head, indicating George was a little crazy) shell-shocked, you know what I mean, in the First World War. (Laughing hysterically, she opens a cabinet door and takes out a bottle of wine) Anyway, so, so ... (Laughing through the speech) George is standing in line, oh, just a sec ...uh, getting his free turkey, but the thing is, he falls asleep and he never wakes up. So, so... (Laughing) so, he's dead ... (Laughing) he's dead.  Yeah.  Oh, dear.  Well, terrible, huh, wouldn't you say?  I mean, that's pretty unfortunate.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Uh, narcolepsy.	ANNIE	 Narcolepsy, right, right.  Right.  So, anyway, so ... (Laughing) George, uh, went to the union, see, to get his free turkey, be-because, uh, the union always gave George this big turkey at Christmas time because he was ... (Annie points her fingers to each side of her head, indicating George was a little crazy) shell-shocked, you know what I mean, in the First World War. (Laughing hysterically, she opens a cabinet door and takes out a bottle of wine) Anyway, so, so ... (Laughing through the speech) George is standing in line, oh, just a sec ...uh, getting his free turkey, but the thing is, he falls asleep and he never wakes up. So, so... (Laughing) so, he's dead ... (Laughing) he's dead.  Yeah.  Oh, dear.  Well, terrible, huh, wouldn't you say?  I mean, that's pretty unfortunate.	ALVY	 Yeah, it's a great story, though, I mean, I... I ... it really made my day. Hey, I think I should get outta here, you know, 'cause I think I'm imposing, you know ...	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh, really?  Oh, well ... uh, uh, maybe, uh, maybe, we, uh ...	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Yeah, it's a great story, though, I mean, I... I ... it really made my day. Hey, I think I should get outta here, you know, 'cause I think I'm imposing, you know ...	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh, really?  Oh, well ... uh, uh, maybe, uh, maybe, we, uh ...	ALVY	 ... and ... uh, yeah, uh ... uh, you know, I-I-I...	ANNIE	 Well, I mean, you don't have to, you know.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Me?  No, no, no, 'cause I never shower in a public place.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Why not?	ALVY	 'Cause I don't like to get naked in front of another man, you know-it's, uh ...	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh, I see, I see.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 'Cause I don't like to get naked in front of another man, you know-it's, uh ...	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh, I see, I see.	ALVY	 You know, I don't like to show my body to a man of my gender-	ANNIE	 Yeah.  Oh, yeah.  Yeah, I see.  I guess-	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 -'cause, uh, you never know what's gonna happen.	ANNIE	 (Sipping her wine and laughing) Fifteen years, huh?	ALVY	 Fifteen years, yeah.	ANNIE	 Yeah.  Oh, God bless!	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 God bless.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Well, uh ... (Pausing) You're what Grammy Hall would call a real Jew.	ALVY	 (Clearing his throat) Oh, thank you.	ANNIE	 (Smiling) Yeah, well ... you-She hates Jews.  She thinks that they just make money, but let me tell yuh, I mean, she's the one yeah, is she ever.  I'm tellin' yuh.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Laughing) Well, uh ... (Pausing) You're what Grammy Hall would call a real Jew.	ALVY	 (Clearing his throat) Oh, thank you.	ANNIE	 (Smiling) Yeah, well ... you-She hates Jews.  She thinks that they just make money, but let me tell yuh, I mean, she's the one yeah, is she ever.  I'm tellin' yuh.	ALVY	 (pointing toward the apartment after a short pause) So, did you do shoot the photographs in there or what?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Clearing his throat) Oh, thank you.	ANNIE	 (Smiling) Yeah, well ... you-She hates Jews.  She thinks that they just make money, but let me tell yuh, I mean, she's the one yeah, is she ever.  I'm tellin' yuh.	ALVY	 (pointing toward the apartment after a short pause) So, did you do shoot the photographs in there or what?	ANNIE	 (Nodding, her hand on her hip) Yeah, yeah, I sorta dabble around, you know.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Smiling) Yeah, well ... you-She hates Jews.  She thinks that they just make money, but let me tell yuh, I mean, she's the one yeah, is she ever.  I'm tellin' yuh.	ALVY	 (pointing toward the apartment after a short pause) So, did you do shoot the photographs in there or what?	ANNIE	 (Nodding, her hand on her hip) Yeah, yeah, I sorta dabble around, you know.	ALVY	 They're ... they're... they're wonderful, you know.  They have ... they have, uh ... a ... a quality.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (pointing toward the apartment after a short pause) So, did you do shoot the photographs in there or what?	ANNIE	 (Nodding, her hand on her hip) Yeah, yeah, I sorta dabble around, you know.	ALVY	 They're ... they're... they're wonderful, you know.  They have ... they have, uh ... a ... a quality.	ANNIE	 Well, I-I-I would-I would like to take a serious photography course soon.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 You know, I gotta get there and begin whining soon ... otherwise I- Hey ... well, are you busy Friday night?	ANNIE	 Me?  Oh, uh. (Laughing) No.	ALVY	 (Putting his band on his forehead) Oh, I'm sorry, wait a minute, I have something.  Well, what about Saturday night?	ANNIE	 (Nodding) Oh ... nothing.  Not-no, no!	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Me?  Oh, uh. (Laughing) No.	ALVY	 (Putting his band on his forehead) Oh, I'm sorry, wait a minute, I have something.  Well, what about Saturday night?	ANNIE	 (Nodding) Oh ... nothing.  Not-no, no!	ALVY	 Oh, you ... you're very popular, I can see.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Putting his band on his forehead) Oh, I'm sorry, wait a minute, I have something.  Well, what about Saturday night?	ANNIE	 (Nodding) Oh ... nothing.  Not-no, no!	ALVY	 Oh, you ... you're very popular, I can see.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) I know.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Oh, you ... you're very popular, I can see.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) I know.	ALVY	 Gee, boy, what do you have?  You have plague?	ANNIE	 Well, I mean, I meet a lot of ... jerks, you know-	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Yeah, I meet a lotta jerks, too.	ANNIE	 (Overlapping) -what I mean?	ALVY	 I think that's, uh-	ANNIE	 (Interrupting) But I'm thinking about getting some cats, you know, and then they ... Oh, wait a second-oh, no, no, I mean (Laughing) oh, shoot!  No, Saturday night I'm gonna- (Laughing) gonna sing.  Yeah.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 I think that's, uh-	ANNIE	 (Interrupting) But I'm thinking about getting some cats, you know, and then they ... Oh, wait a second-oh, no, no, I mean (Laughing) oh, shoot!  No, Saturday night I'm gonna- (Laughing) gonna sing.  Yeah.	ALVY	 You're gonna sing?  Do you sing?  Well, no, it isn't (Overlapping) No kidding? (Overlapping) -this is my first time.  Oh, really?  Where? I'd like to come. (Laughing) Oh, no, no, no, no, no!  No, I'm interested!	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh, no-I mean, I'm just a-auditioning sort of at club.  I don't-	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Interrupting) But I'm thinking about getting some cats, you know, and then they ... Oh, wait a second-oh, no, no, I mean (Laughing) oh, shoot!  No, Saturday night I'm gonna- (Laughing) gonna sing.  Yeah.	ALVY	 You're gonna sing?  Do you sing?  Well, no, it isn't (Overlapping) No kidding? (Overlapping) -this is my first time.  Oh, really?  Where? I'd like to come. (Laughing) Oh, no, no, no, no, no!  No, I'm interested!	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh, no-I mean, I'm just a-auditioning sort of at club.  I don't-	ALVY	 (Overlapping) No, so help me.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 You're gonna sing?  Do you sing?  Well, no, it isn't (Overlapping) No kidding? (Overlapping) -this is my first time.  Oh, really?  Where? I'd like to come. (Laughing) Oh, no, no, no, no, no!  No, I'm interested!	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh, no-I mean, I'm just a-auditioning sort of at club.  I don't-	ALVY	 (Overlapping) No, so help me.	ANNIE	 (Overlapping) -it's my first time.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh, no-I mean, I'm just a-auditioning sort of at club.  I don't-	ALVY	 (Overlapping) No, so help me.	ANNIE	 (Overlapping) -it's my first time.	ALVY	 That's okay, 'cause I know exactly what that's like.  Listen-	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Overlapping) No, so help me.	ANNIE	 (Overlapping) -it's my first time.	ALVY	 That's okay, 'cause I know exactly what that's like.  Listen-	ANNIE	 (Interrupting) Yeah.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 That's okay, 'cause I know exactly what that's like.  Listen-	ANNIE	 (Interrupting) Yeah.	ALVY	 (Overlapping) -you're gonna like night clubs, they're really a lotta fun.			Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Interrupting) Yeah.	ALVY	 (Overlapping) -you're gonna like night clubs, they're really a lotta fun.					Annie Hall 
ALVY	 It's terrific.	ANNIE	 (Overlapping) Yeah, you know something?  I never even took a lesson, either.	ALVY	 Hey, listen, listen.	ANNIE	 What?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (To the waiter) I'm gonna have a corned beef.	ANNIE	 (To the waiter) Yeah ... oh, uh, and I'm gonna have a pastrami on white bread with, uh, mayonnaise and tomatoes and lettuce. (Alvy involuntarily makes a face as the waiter leaves) Tsch, so, uh, your second wife left you and, uh, were you depressed about that?	ALVY	 Nothing that a few mega-vitamins couldn't cure.	ANNIE	 Oh.  And your first wife was Allison?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 H'm?	ALVY	 "There goes another novel." (They laugh) Jesus, you were great.	ANNIE	 Oh, yeah?	ALVY	 Yeah.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Yeah, I'm-I'm-I'm a wreck.	ANNIE	 No. (She turns and looks at Alvy, then laughs) You're a wreck.	ALVY	 Really.  I mean it.  I-I'll never play the piano again.	ANNIE	 (Lighting a joint and laughing) You're really nuts.  I don't know, you really thought it was good?  Tell me.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Really.  I mean it.  I-I'll never play the piano again.	ANNIE	 (Lighting a joint and laughing) You're really nuts.  I don't know, you really thought it was good?  Tell me.	ALVY	 Good?  I was-	ANNIE	 (Overlapping) No.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Good?  I was-	ANNIE	 (Overlapping) No.	ALVY	 No, that was the most fun I've ever had without laughing.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Here, you want some?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 No, that was the most fun I've ever had without laughing.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Here, you want some?	ALVY	 No, no, I-I-i, uh, I don't use any major hallucinogenics because I took a puff like five years ago at a party and	ANNIE	 Yeah?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Yeah?	ALVY	 -tried to take my pants off over my head ... (Annie laughs) ...  my ear.	ANNIE	 Oh, I don't know, I don't really.  I don't do it very often, you know, just sort of, er ... relaxes me at first.	ALVY	 M'hm. (He pushes himself up from the bed and looks down at Annie) You're not gonna believe this, but-	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Oh, I don't know, I don't really.  I don't do it very often, you know, just sort of, er ... relaxes me at first.	ALVY	 M'hm. (He pushes himself up from the bed and looks down at Annie) You're not gonna believe this, but-	ANNIE	 What?  What?			Annie Hall 
ALVY	 I-I-I'm gonna buy you these books, I think, because I-I think you should read them.  You know, instead of that cat book.	ANNIE	 (Looking at the books Alvy is bolding) That's, uh ... (Laughing) that's pretty serious stuff there.	ALVY	 Yeah, 'cause I-I'm, you know, I'm, I'm obsessed with-with, uh, with death, I think.  Big-	ANNIE	 (Overlapping) Yeah?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Yeah, 'cause I-I'm, you know, I'm, I'm obsessed with-with, uh, with death, I think.  Big-	ANNIE	 (Overlapping) Yeah?	ALVY	 -big subject with me, yeah.	ANNIE	 Yeah?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Yeah?	ALVY	 (Gesturing) I've a very pessimistic view of life. You should know this about me if we're gonna go out, you know. I-I-I feel that life is-is divided up into the horrible and the miserable.	ANNIE	 M'hm.	ALVY	 Those are the two categories ...	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 M'hm.	ALVY	 There's-there's-there's-there's Mr. When-in-the-Pink, Mr. Miami Beach, there, you know? (Over Annie's laughter) He's the latest! just came back from the gin-rummy farm last night. He placed third.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) M'hm.  Yeah.  Yeah.	ALVY	 (Watching two men approach, one lighting a cigar) Look at these guys.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 There's-there's-there's-there's Mr. When-in-the-Pink, Mr. Miami Beach, there, you know? (Over Annie's laughter) He's the latest! just came back from the gin-rummy farm last night. He placed third.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) M'hm.  Yeah.  Yeah.	ALVY	 (Watching two men approach, one lighting a cigar) Look at these guys.	ANNIE	 Yeah.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Laughing) M'hm.  Yeah.  Yeah.	ALVY	 (Watching two men approach, one lighting a cigar) Look at these guys.	ANNIE	 Yeah.	ALVY	 Oh, that's hilarious.  They're back from Fire Island.  They're ... they're sort of giving it a chance-you know what I mean?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Yeah, he's the Mafia.  Linen Supply Business or Cement and Contract, you know what I mean?	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh, yeah.	ALVY	 No, I'm serious. (Over Annie's laughter) I just got my mustache wet.	ANNIE	 Oh, yeah?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh, yeah.	ALVY	 No, I'm serious. (Over Annie's laughter) I just got my mustache wet.	ANNIE	 Oh, yeah?	ALVY	 (As another man walks by) And there's the winner of the Truman Capote look-alike contest.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Oh, yeah?	ALVY	 (As another man walks by) And there's the winner of the Truman Capote look-alike contest.					Annie Hall 
ALVY	 You know what I mean?  Like the tip o'your nose, and if I stroke your teeth or your kneecaps ... you get excited.	ANNIE	 Come on. (Laughing) Yeah.  You know what?  You know, I like you, I really mean it.  I really do like you.	ALVY	 You- Do you love me?	ANNIE	 Do I love you?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 I know you've only known me a short while.	ANNIE	 Well, I certainly ... I think that's very- Yeah, yeah ... (Laughing) yeah.  Do you love me?	ALVY	 I-uh, love is, uh, is too weak a word for what...	ANNIE	 Yeah.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Yeah.	ALVY	 (Putting his arms around her neck) Don't you think I do?	ANNIE	 I dunno.			Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Whatta you mean?  You're not gonna give up your own apartment, are you?	ANNIE	 (Putting down the carton) Of course.	ALVY	 Yeah, bu-bu-but why?	ANNIE	 Well, I mean, I'm moving in with you, that's why.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Yeah, I know it's small.	ANNIE	 (Picking up the suitcases and walking into the bedroom) That's right, and it's got bad plumbing and bugs.	ALVY	 (Picking up some pictures and following Annie into the bedroom) All right, granted, it has bad plumbing and bugs, but you-you say that like it's a negative thing.  You know, bugs are-are-uh, entomology is a ... (Annie, reacting, tosses the suitcases and some loose clothing onto the bed.  She sits down on the edge, looking away. Alvy walks in, pictures and carton in band, still talking) ... rapidly growing field.	ANNIE	 You don't want me to live with you?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Picking up the suitcases and walking into the bedroom) That's right, and it's got bad plumbing and bugs.	ALVY	 (Picking up some pictures and following Annie into the bedroom) All right, granted, it has bad plumbing and bugs, but you-you say that like it's a negative thing.  You know, bugs are-are-uh, entomology is a ... (Annie, reacting, tosses the suitcases and some loose clothing onto the bed.  She sits down on the edge, looking away. Alvy walks in, pictures and carton in band, still talking) ... rapidly growing field.	ANNIE	 You don't want me to live with you?	ALVY	 How- I don't want you to live with me? How- Whose idea was it?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Ye-ah.  Was it ... It was yours actually, but, uh, I approved it immediately.	ANNIE	 I guess you think that I talked you into something, huh? (putting pictures on the mantel)	ALVY	 No-what, what ...? I ... we live together, we sleep together, we eat together.  Jesus, you don't want it to be like we're married, do yuh?	ANNIE	 (Looking up at Alvy) How is it any different?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 No-what, what ...? I ... we live together, we sleep together, we eat together.  Jesus, you don't want it to be like we're married, do yuh?	ANNIE	 (Looking up at Alvy) How is it any different?	ALVY	 (Gesturing) It's different 'cause you keep your own apartment. (Holding a book, he starts walking around the room) Because you know it's there, we don't have to go to it, we don't have to deal with it, but it's like a-a-a free-floating life raft ... that we know that we're not married.	ANNIE	 (Still sitting on the bed) That little apartment is four hundred dollars a month, Alvy.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Looking up at Alvy) How is it any different?	ALVY	 (Gesturing) It's different 'cause you keep your own apartment. (Holding a book, he starts walking around the room) Because you know it's there, we don't have to go to it, we don't have to deal with it, but it's like a-a-a free-floating life raft ... that we know that we're not married.	ANNIE	 (Still sitting on the bed) That little apartment is four hundred dollars a month, Alvy.	ALVY	 (Looking at Annie) That place is four hundred dollars a month?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Gesturing) It's different 'cause you keep your own apartment. (Holding a book, he starts walking around the room) Because you know it's there, we don't have to go to it, we don't have to deal with it, but it's like a-a-a free-floating life raft ... that we know that we're not married.	ANNIE	 (Still sitting on the bed) That little apartment is four hundred dollars a month, Alvy.	ALVY	 (Looking at Annie) That place is four hundred dollars a month?	ANNIE	 Yes, it is.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Still sitting on the bed) That little apartment is four hundred dollars a month, Alvy.	ALVY	 (Looking at Annie) That place is four hundred dollars a month?	ANNIE	 Yes, it is.	ALVY	 (Whistling) It's-it's got bad plumbing and bugs.  Jesus, I'll-My accountant will write it off as a tax deduction, I'll pay for it.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Yes, it is.	ALVY	 (Whistling) It's-it's got bad plumbing and bugs.  Jesus, I'll-My accountant will write it off as a tax deduction, I'll pay for it.	ANNIE	 (Shaking her head) You don't think I'm smart enough to be serious about.	ALVY	 Hey, don't be ridiculous.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Whistling) It's-it's got bad plumbing and bugs.  Jesus, I'll-My accountant will write it off as a tax deduction, I'll pay for it.	ANNIE	 (Shaking her head) You don't think I'm smart enough to be serious about.	ALVY	 Hey, don't be ridiculous.	ANNIE	 Then why are you always pushing me to take those college courses like I was dumb or something?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Then why are you always pushing me to take those college courses like I was dumb or something?	ALVY	 (Putting his hand to his forehead) 'Cause adult education's a wonderful thing. You meet a lotta interesting professors. You know, it's stimulating.					Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Reading) Does this sound like a good course? Uh, "Modern American Poetry"?  Uh, or, uh-let's see now ... maybe I should, uh, take "Introduction to the Novel."	ALVY	 Just don't take any course where they make you read Beowulf.	ANNIE	 What? (Laughing) Hey, listen, what-what do you think?  Do you think we should, uh, go to that-that party in Southampton tonight?			Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Just don't take any course where they make you read Beowulf.	ANNIE	 What? (Laughing) Hey, listen, what-what do you think?  Do you think we should, uh, go to that-that party in Southampton tonight?	ALVY	 No, don't be silly.  What-what do we need other people for? (He puts his arms around her neck, kissing her, Annie making muffled sounds) You know, we should-we should just turn out the lights, you know, and play hide and seek or something.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Well, okay.  Well, listen, I'm gonna get a cigarette, okay?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 What? (Laughing) Hey, listen, what-what do you think?  Do you think we should, uh, go to that-that party in Southampton tonight?	ALVY	 No, don't be silly.  What-what do we need other people for? (He puts his arms around her neck, kissing her, Annie making muffled sounds) You know, we should-we should just turn out the lights, you know, and play hide and seek or something.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Well, okay.  Well, listen, I'm gonna get a cigarette, okay?	ALVY	 (Yelling out to her as she leaves the room) Yeah, grass, right?  The illusion that it will make a white woman more like Billie Holiday.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 No, don't be silly.  What-what do we need other people for? (He puts his arms around her neck, kissing her, Annie making muffled sounds) You know, we should-we should just turn out the lights, you know, and play hide and seek or something.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Well, okay.  Well, listen, I'm gonna get a cigarette, okay?	ALVY	 (Yelling out to her as she leaves the room) Yeah, grass, right?  The illusion that it will make a white woman more like Billie Holiday.	ANNIE	 (Off screen) Well, have you ever made love high?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Laughing) Well, okay.  Well, listen, I'm gonna get a cigarette, okay?	ALVY	 (Yelling out to her as she leaves the room) Yeah, grass, right?  The illusion that it will make a white woman more like Billie Holiday.	ANNIE	 (Off screen) Well, have you ever made love high?	ALVY	 Me, no.  You ... I-I-you know, if I have grass or alcohol or anything I get unbearably wonderful.  I get too, too wonderful for words.  You know, I don't-I don't know why you have to, uh, get high every time we make love.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Yelling out to her as she leaves the room) Yeah, grass, right?  The illusion that it will make a white woman more like Billie Holiday.	ANNIE	 (Off screen) Well, have you ever made love high?	ALVY	 Me, no.  You ... I-I-you know, if I have grass or alcohol or anything I get unbearably wonderful.  I get too, too wonderful for words.  You know, I don't-I don't know why you have to, uh, get high every time we make love.	ANNIE	 (Moving back into the room and lighting a joint) It relaxes me.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Me, no.  You ... I-I-you know, if I have grass or alcohol or anything I get unbearably wonderful.  I get too, too wonderful for words.  You know, I don't-I don't know why you have to, uh, get high every time we make love.	ANNIE	 (Moving back into the room and lighting a joint) It relaxes me.	ALVY	 Oh, you-you have to be artificially relaxed before we can go to bed?	ANNIE	 (Closing the door) Well, what's the difference, anyway?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Oh, you-you have to be artificially relaxed before we can go to bed?	ANNIE	 (Closing the door) Well, what's the difference, anyway?	ALVY	 Well, I'll give you a shot of sodium pentothal.  You can sleep through it.	ANNIE	 Oh, come on, look who's talking.  You've been seeing a psychiatrist for fifteen years. (She gets into bed and takes a puff of marijuana) You should smoke some o' this.  You'd be off the couch in no time.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Well, I'll give you a shot of sodium pentothal.  You can sleep through it.	ANNIE	 Oh, come on, look who's talking.  You've been seeing a psychiatrist for fifteen years. (She gets into bed and takes a puff of marijuana) You should smoke some o' this.  You'd be off the couch in no time.	ALVY	 Oh, come, you don't need that.	ANNIE	 What are you doing?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 What are you doing?	ALVY	 (Kissing her) No, no, no, what ... You can once, you can live without it once.  Come on.	ANNIE	 Oh, no, Alvy, please. Alvy, please. (Laughing and making sounds) M'mrnm.	ALVY	 M'm, wait, I got a great idea. (He gets up and goes over to the closet, taking out a light bulb. He goes back to the bed and turns out the lamp on the night table) Hang in there for a second.  I got a little-little artifact.  A little erotic artifact, that-that I brought up from the city, which I think, uh, is gonna be perfect. (He turns the lamp back on, having replaced the bulb with the red one from the closet) I just ... there ... There's a little Old New Orleans ... essence.  Now-now we can go about our business here and we can even develop photographs if we want to.  There, now there. (He undresses and crawls into bed, taking Annie in his arms) M'mmm.  M'mmm.  Hey, is something wrong?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Kissing her) No, no, no, what ... You can once, you can live without it once.  Come on.	ANNIE	 Oh, no, Alvy, please. Alvy, please. (Laughing and making sounds) M'mrnm.	ALVY	 M'm, wait, I got a great idea. (He gets up and goes over to the closet, taking out a light bulb. He goes back to the bed and turns out the lamp on the night table) Hang in there for a second.  I got a little-little artifact.  A little erotic artifact, that-that I brought up from the city, which I think, uh, is gonna be perfect. (He turns the lamp back on, having replaced the bulb with the red one from the closet) I just ... there ... There's a little Old New Orleans ... essence.  Now-now we can go about our business here and we can even develop photographs if we want to.  There, now there. (He undresses and crawls into bed, taking Annie in his arms) M'mmm.  M'mmm.  Hey, is something wrong?	ANNIE		Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Oh, no, Alvy, please. Alvy, please. (Laughing and making sounds) M'mrnm.	ALVY	 M'm, wait, I got a great idea. (He gets up and goes over to the closet, taking out a light bulb. He goes back to the bed and turns out the lamp on the night table) Hang in there for a second.  I got a little-little artifact.  A little erotic artifact, that-that I brought up from the city, which I think, uh, is gonna be perfect. (He turns the lamp back on, having replaced the bulb with the red one from the closet) I just ... there ... There's a little Old New Orleans ... essence.  Now-now we can go about our business here and we can even develop photographs if we want to.  There, now there. (He undresses and crawls into bed, taking Annie in his arms) M'mmm.  M'mmm.  Hey, is something wrong?	ANNIE		ALVY	 I don't know.  You- It's like you're- you're removed.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Let's just do it, all right?	ALVY	 (Kissing and caressing Annie) Is it my imagination or are you just going through the motions?	ANNIE'S SPIRIT	 Alvy, do you remember where I put my drawing pad?  Because while you two are doing that, I think I'm gonna do some drawing.	ALVY	 (Reacting) You see, that's what I call removed.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE'S SPIRIT	 Alvy, do you remember where I put my drawing pad?  Because while you two are doing that, I think I'm gonna do some drawing.	ALVY	 (Reacting) You see, that's what I call removed.	ANNIE	 Oh, you have my body.	ALVY	 Yeah, but that's not-that's no good. I want the whole thing.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Yeah, but that's not-that's no good. I want the whole thing.	ANNIE	 (Sighing) Well, I need grass and so do you.	ALVY	 Well, it ruins it for me if you have grass (Clearing his throat) because, you know, I'm, like, a comedian-	ANNIE	 (Overlapping) M'hm.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Sighing) Well, I need grass and so do you.	ALVY	 Well, it ruins it for me if you have grass (Clearing his throat) because, you know, I'm, like, a comedian-	ANNIE	 (Overlapping) M'hm.	ALVY	 (Overlapping) -so if I get a laugh from a person who's high, it doesn't count.  You know-'cause they're always laughin'.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Well, it ruins it for me if you have grass (Clearing his throat) because, you know, I'm, like, a comedian-	ANNIE	 (Overlapping) M'hm.	ALVY	 (Overlapping) -so if I get a laugh from a person who's high, it doesn't count.  You know-'cause they're always laughin'.	ANNIE	 Were you always funny?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Overlapping) M'hm.	ALVY	 (Overlapping) -so if I get a laugh from a person who's high, it doesn't count.  You know-'cause they're always laughin'.	ANNIE	 Were you always funny?	ALVY	 Hey, what is this-an interview?  We're supposed to be making love.	Annie Hall 
AGENT	 This guy is naturally funny.  I think he can write for you.	COMIC	 (Buttoning his jacket) Yeah, yeah.  Hey, kid, he tells me you're really good.  Well, lemme explain a little bit o' how I work.  You know, you can tell right off the bat that I don't look like a funny guy when I come-you know, like some o' the guys that come out.  You know, right away (Gesturing) they're gonna tell yuh their stories, you're gonna fall down, but I gotta be really talented.  Material's gotta be sensational for me 'cause I work, you know, with very, very ... Come on, I'm kinda classy, you know what I mean?  Uh ... uh ... lemme explain.  For instance, I open with an opening song.  A musical start like (Ad-lib singing) and I walk out (Ad-lib singing) "Place looks wonderful from here and you folks look wonderful from here! (Singing) "And seein' you there With a smile on your face Makes me shout This must be the place." Then I stop right in the middle and then I open with some jokes.  Now, that's where I need you, right there.  For instance, like I say, "Hey, I just got back from Canada, you know, they speak a lotta French up there.  The only way to remember Jeanne d'Arc means the light's out in the bathroom!" (He laughs.  Seated Alvy looks up smiling) "Oh, I met a big lumberjack ..."	ALVY'S VOICE	 (To himself) Jesus, this guy's pathetic.	COMIC	 (Overlapping above speech) ... big lumberjack ...	Annie Hall 
COMIC	 (Buttoning his jacket) Yeah, yeah.  Hey, kid, he tells me you're really good.  Well, lemme explain a little bit o' how I work.  You know, you can tell right off the bat that I don't look like a funny guy when I come-you know, like some o' the guys that come out.  You know, right away (Gesturing) they're gonna tell yuh their stories, you're gonna fall down, but I gotta be really talented.  Material's gotta be sensational for me 'cause I work, you know, with very, very ... Come on, I'm kinda classy, you know what I mean?  Uh ... uh ... lemme explain.  For instance, I open with an opening song.  A musical start like (Ad-lib singing) and I walk out (Ad-lib singing) "Place looks wonderful from here and you folks look wonderful from here! (Singing) "And seein' you there With a smile on your face Makes me shout This must be the place." Then I stop right in the middle and then I open with some jokes.  Now, that's where I need you, right there.  For instance, like I say, "Hey, I just got back from Canada, you know, they speak a lotta French up there.  The only way to remember Jeanne d'Arc means the light's out in the bathroom!" (He laughs.  Seated Alvy looks up smiling) "Oh, I met a big lumberjack ..."	ALVY'S VOICE	 (To himself) Jesus, this guy's pathetic.	COMIC	 (Overlapping above speech) ... big lumberjack ...	ALVY'S VOICE	 (To himself while the comic continues his routine) Look at him mincing around, like he thinks he's real cute.  You wanna throw up.  If only I had the nerve to do my own jokes.  I don't know how much longer I can keep this smile frozen on my face. I'm in the wrong business, I know it.	Annie Hall 
ALVY'S VOICE	 (To himself) Jesus, this guy's pathetic.	COMIC	 (Overlapping above speech) ... big lumberjack ...	ALVY'S VOICE	 (To himself while the comic continues his routine) Look at him mincing around, like he thinks he's real cute.  You wanna throw up.  If only I had the nerve to do my own jokes.  I don't know how much longer I can keep this smile frozen on my face. I'm in the wrong business, I know it.	COMIC	 (Overlapping above speech) "'Cherie, come back.  I love you. (Shaking his lips and mimicking) But, uh, Cheri, what will I do with this, uh?' He says, 'Aw, Marie, sometime you make me so mad."' (Laughing) Oh, they scream at that.  Now, write me somethin' like that, will yuh?  Kinda French number, can yuh do it?  Huh, kid?	Annie Hall 
COMIC	 (Overlapping above speech) ... big lumberjack ...	ALVY'S VOICE	 (To himself while the comic continues his routine) Look at him mincing around, like he thinks he's real cute.  You wanna throw up.  If only I had the nerve to do my own jokes.  I don't know how much longer I can keep this smile frozen on my face. I'm in the wrong business, I know it.	COMIC	 (Overlapping above speech) "'Cherie, come back.  I love you. (Shaking his lips and mimicking) But, uh, Cheri, what will I do with this, uh?' He says, 'Aw, Marie, sometime you make me so mad."' (Laughing) Oh, they scream at that.  Now, write me somethin' like that, will yuh?  Kinda French number, can yuh do it?  Huh, kid?			Annie Hall 
ALVY'S VOICE	 (To himself while the comic continues his routine) Look at him mincing around, like he thinks he's real cute.  You wanna throw up.  If only I had the nerve to do my own jokes.  I don't know how much longer I can keep this smile frozen on my face. I'm in the wrong business, I know it.	COMIC	 (Overlapping above speech) "'Cherie, come back.  I love you. (Shaking his lips and mimicking) But, uh, Cheri, what will I do with this, uh?' He says, 'Aw, Marie, sometime you make me so mad."' (Laughing) Oh, they scream at that.  Now, write me somethin' like that, will yuh?  Kinda French number, can yuh do it?  Huh, kid?					Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Well, the twelve o'clock show is completely different than the nine.	YOUNG WOMAN	 (Interrupting) May I have your autograph?	ANNIE	 (Over lapping above speech) Oh.	ALVY	 (To Annie, while autographing) You're so sure about it.	Annie Hall 
YOUNG WOMAN	 (Interrupting) May I have your autograph?	ANNIE	 (Over lapping above speech) Oh.	ALVY	 (To Annie, while autographing) You're so sure about it.	ANNIE	 Oh, I'm really, uh, looking forward to tomorrow.  I mean, you know, I think that it'll be really nice to meet Mother and Father.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Over lapping above speech) Oh.	ALVY	 (To Annie, while autographing) You're so sure about it.	ANNIE	 Oh, I'm really, uh, looking forward to tomorrow.  I mean, you know, I think that it'll be really nice to meet Mother and Father.	ALVY	 Yeah, I know, they'll hate me immediately. (To one of his fans) Thank you.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Oh, I'm really, uh, looking forward to tomorrow.  I mean, you know, I think that it'll be really nice to meet Mother and Father.	ALVY	 Yeah, I know, they'll hate me immediately. (To one of his fans) Thank you.	ANNIE	 No, I don't think so.  No, I don't think they're gonna hate you at all.  On the contrary, I think-	ALVY	 Yeah.	Annie Hall 
MOM HALL	 (Holding her wine glass) It's a nice ham this year, Mom.	ANNIE	 (Smiling at Duane) Oh, yeah.  Grammy always does such a good job.	DAD HALL	 (Chewing) A great sauce.	ALVY	 It is. (Smacking his lips) It's dynamite ham.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Smiling at Duane) Oh, yeah.  Grammy always does such a good job.	DAD HALL	 (Chewing) A great sauce.	ALVY	 It is. (Smacking his lips) It's dynamite ham.	MOM HALL	 (To Dad Hall, smoothing her hair) We went over to the swap meet.  Annie, Gram and I. Got some nice picture frames.	Annie Hall 
DAD HALL	 (Chewing) A great sauce.	ALVY	 It is. (Smacking his lips) It's dynamite ham.	MOM HALL	 (To Dad Hall, smoothing her hair) We went over to the swap meet.  Annie, Gram and I. Got some nice picture frames.	ANNIE	 We really had a good time.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 It is. (Smacking his lips) It's dynamite ham.	MOM HALL	 (To Dad Hall, smoothing her hair) We went over to the swap meet.  Annie, Gram and I. Got some nice picture frames.	ANNIE	 We really had a good time.	MOM HALL	 (Lighting a cigarette and turning to Alvy) Ann tells us that you've been seeing a psychiatrist for fifteen years.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 We really had a good time.	MOM HALL	 (Lighting a cigarette and turning to Alvy) Ann tells us that you've been seeing a psychiatrist for fifteen years.	ALVY	 (Setting down his glass and coughing) Yes.  I'm making excellent progress. Pretty soon when I lie down on his couch, I won't have to wear the lobster bib.	DAD HALL	 Duane and I went out to the boat basin.	Annie Hall 
MOM HALL	 (Lighting a cigarette and turning to Alvy) Ann tells us that you've been seeing a psychiatrist for fifteen years.	ALVY	 (Setting down his glass and coughing) Yes.  I'm making excellent progress. Pretty soon when I lie down on his couch, I won't have to wear the lobster bib.	DAD HALL	 Duane and I went out to the boat basin.	DUANE	 We were caulkin' holes all day.	Annie Hall 
DUANE	 We were caulkin' holes all day.	DAD HALL	 Yeah. (Laughing) Randolph Hunt was drunk, as usual.	MOM HALL	 Oh, that Randolph Hunt.  You remember Randy Hunt, Annie.  He was in the choir with you.	ANNIE	 Oh, yes, yes.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Oh, yes, yes.	ALVY	 (To the audience) I can't believe this family. (Making chewing sounds) Annie's mother.  She really's beautiful. And they're talkin' swap meets and boat basins, and the old lady at the end of the table (Pointing to Grammy) is a classic Jew hater.  And, uh, they, they realty look American, you know, very healthy and ... like they never get sick or anything.  Nothing like my family.  You know, the two are like oil and water.	ALVY'S FATHER	 Let 'im drop dead!  Who needs his business?!	ALVY'S MOTHER	 His wife has diabetes!	Annie Hall 
DUANE	 Alvy.	ALVY	 (Walking in) Oh, hi, Duane, how's it goin'?	DUANE	 This is my room.	ALVY	 (Looking around) Oh, yeah? (He clears his throat) Terrific.	Annie Hall 
DUANE	 This is my room.	ALVY	 (Looking around) Oh, yeah? (He clears his throat) Terrific.	DUANE	 Can I confess something?	DUANE	 I tell you this because, as an artist, I think you'll understand.  Sometimes when I'm driving ... on the road at night ... I see two headlights coming toward me. Fast.  I have this sudden impulse to turn the wheel quickly, head-on into the oncoming car.  I can anticipate the explosion.  The sound of shattering glass. The ... flames rising out of the flowing gasoline.	Annie Hall 
DUANE	 I tell you this because, as an artist, I think you'll understand.  Sometimes when I'm driving ... on the road at night ... I see two headlights coming toward me. Fast.  I have this sudden impulse to turn the wheel quickly, head-on into the oncoming car.  I can anticipate the explosion.  The sound of shattering glass. The ... flames rising out of the flowing gasoline.	ALVY	 (Reacting and clearing his throat) Right.  Tsch, well, I have to-I have t-o go now, Duane, because I-I'm due back on the planet earth.					Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Off screen) You followed me.  I can't believe it!	ALVY	 (Off screen) I didn't follow you!	ANNIE	 You followed me!	ALVY	 Why?  'Cause I ... was walkin' along a block behind you staring at you? That's not following!	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Well, what is your definition of following?	ALVY	 (Gasping) Following is different.  I was spying.	ANNIE	 Do you realize how paranoid you are?	ALVY	 Paranoid?  I'm looking at you.  You got your arms around another guy.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 What's the difference?  It's all mental masturbation.	ANNIE	 (Stopping for a moment) Oh, well, now we're finally getting to a subject you know something about!	ALVY	 (Catching up to her) Hey, don't knock masturbation!  It's sex with someone I love.	ANNIE	 (Continuing to walk quickly) We're not having an affair.  He's married. He just happens to think I'm neat.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Stopping for a moment) Oh, well, now we're finally getting to a subject you know something about!	ALVY	 (Catching up to her) Hey, don't knock masturbation!  It's sex with someone I love.	ANNIE	 (Continuing to walk quickly) We're not having an affair.  He's married. He just happens to think I'm neat.	ALVY	 (Still walking next to her) "Neat"!  There's that- What are you-twelve years old?  That's one o' your Chippewa Falls expressions!  "He thinks I'm neat."	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Catching up to her) Hey, don't knock masturbation!  It's sex with someone I love.	ANNIE	 (Continuing to walk quickly) We're not having an affair.  He's married. He just happens to think I'm neat.	ALVY	 (Still walking next to her) "Neat"!  There's that- What are you-twelve years old?  That's one o' your Chippewa Falls expressions!  "He thinks I'm neat."	ANNIE	 Who cares?  Who cares?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Continuing to walk quickly) We're not having an affair.  He's married. He just happens to think I'm neat.	ALVY	 (Still walking next to her) "Neat"!  There's that- What are you-twelve years old?  That's one o' your Chippewa Falls expressions!  "He thinks I'm neat."	ANNIE	 Who cares?  Who cares?	ALVY	 Next thing you know he'll find you keen and peachy, you know?  Next thing you know he's got his hand on your ass!	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Well, listen, that's, a nice bi-it's a biblical name.  Right?  W-What does he call you?  Bathsheba?	ANNIE	 (Calling after him) Alvy!  Alvy!  You're the one who never wanted to make a real commitment.  You don't think I'm smart enough!  We had that argument just last month, or don't ou remember that day?					Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Off screen) I'm home!	ALVY	 (Turning) Oh, yeah?  How'd it go?	ANNIE	 (Comes into the kitchen and puts down a bag of groceries on the kitchen table) Oh, it was ... (Laughing) really weird.  But she's a very nice woman.	ALVY	 Yeah?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Turning) Oh, yeah?  How'd it go?	ANNIE	 (Comes into the kitchen and puts down a bag of groceries on the kitchen table) Oh, it was ... (Laughing) really weird.  But she's a very nice woman.	ALVY	 Yeah?	ANNIE	 And I didn't have to lie down on the couch, Alvy, she had me sitting up.  So I told her about-about the-the family and about my feelings toward men and about my relationship with my brother.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 You cried?  I've never once cried. Fantastic ...	ANNIE	 (Taking groceries from the bag) Yeah.	ALVY	 I whine. I-I-I sit and I whine.	ANNIE	 In-in ... Alvy, in my dream Frank Sinatra is holding his pillow across my face and I can't breathe.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 ... and I keep, you know, it's-	ALVY	 (Taking a bottle of juice and some celery from the bag) Well, well, sure ... because he's a singer and you're a singer, you know, so it's perfect.  So you're trying to suffocate yourself.  It-it makes perfect sense.  Uh, uh, that's a perfect analytic ... kind of insight.	ANNIE	 (Pointing her finger at Alvy) She said, your name was Alvy Singer.	ALVY	 (Turning to Annie) Whatta you mean?  Me?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Taking a bottle of juice and some celery from the bag) Well, well, sure ... because he's a singer and you're a singer, you know, so it's perfect.  So you're trying to suffocate yourself.  It-it makes perfect sense.  Uh, uh, that's a perfect analytic ... kind of insight.	ANNIE	 (Pointing her finger at Alvy) She said, your name was Alvy Singer.	ALVY	 (Turning to Annie) Whatta you mean?  Me?	ANNIE	 Yeah, yeah, yeah, you.  Because in the dream ... I break Sinatra's glasses.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Pointing her finger at Alvy) She said, your name was Alvy Singer.	ALVY	 (Turning to Annie) Whatta you mean?  Me?	ANNIE	 Yeah, yeah, yeah, you.  Because in the dream ... I break Sinatra's glasses.	ALVY	 (Putting his band to his mouth) Sinatra had gl- You never said Sinatra had glasses.  So whatta you saying that I-I'm suffocating you?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Yeah, yeah, yeah, you.  Because in the dream ... I break Sinatra's glasses.	ALVY	 (Putting his band to his mouth) Sinatra had gl- You never said Sinatra had glasses.  So whatta you saying that I-I'm suffocating you?	ANNIE	 (Turning, ajar in her hand) Oh, and God, Alvy, I did ... this really terrible thing to him.  Because then when he sang it was in this real high-pitched voice.	ALVY	 (Thinking) Tsch, what'd the doctor say?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Putting his band to his mouth) Sinatra had gl- You never said Sinatra had glasses.  So whatta you saying that I-I'm suffocating you?	ANNIE	 (Turning, ajar in her hand) Oh, and God, Alvy, I did ... this really terrible thing to him.  Because then when he sang it was in this real high-pitched voice.	ALVY	 (Thinking) Tsch, what'd the doctor say?	ANNIE	 (Putting away some groceries) Well, she said that I should probably come five times a week.  And you know something?  I don't think I mind analysis at all.  The only question is, Will it change my wife?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Turning, ajar in her hand) Oh, and God, Alvy, I did ... this really terrible thing to him.  Because then when he sang it was in this real high-pitched voice.	ALVY	 (Thinking) Tsch, what'd the doctor say?	ANNIE	 (Putting away some groceries) Well, she said that I should probably come five times a week.  And you know something?  I don't think I mind analysis at all.  The only question is, Will it change my wife?	ALVY	 Will it change your wife?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Thinking) Tsch, what'd the doctor say?	ANNIE	 (Putting away some groceries) Well, she said that I should probably come five times a week.  And you know something?  I don't think I mind analysis at all.  The only question is, Will it change my wife?	ALVY	 Will it change your wife?	ANNIE	 Will it change my life?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Yeah, but you said, "Will it change my wife"!	ANNIE	 No, I didn't. (Laughing) I said, "Will it change my life," Alvy.	ALVY	 You said, "Will it change. . ." Wife. Will it change ...	ANNIE	 (Yelling out, angry) Life.  I said, "life."	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 You said, "Will it change. . ." Wife. Will it change ...	ANNIE	 (Yelling out, angry) Life.  I said, "life."	ALVY	 (To the audience) She said, "Will it change my wife." You heard that because you were there so I'm not crazy.	ANNIE	 And, Alvy ... and then I told her about how I didn't think you'd ever really take me seriously, because you don't think that I'm smart enough.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Yelling out, angry) Life.  I said, "life."	ALVY	 (To the audience) She said, "Will it change my wife." You heard that because you were there so I'm not crazy.	ANNIE	 And, Alvy ... and then I told her about how I didn't think you'd ever really take me seriously, because you don't think that I'm smart enough.	ALVY	 (To Annie's back, gesturing) Why do you always bring that up?  Because I encourage you to take adult-education courses?  I think it's a wonderful thing. You meet wonderful, interesting professors'.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 And, Alvy ... and then I told her about how I didn't think you'd ever really take me seriously, because you don't think that I'm smart enough.	ALVY	 (To Annie's back, gesturing) Why do you always bring that up?  Because I encourage you to take adult-education courses?  I think it's a wonderful thing. You meet wonderful, interesting professors'.					Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 A bit rapidly.  I don't care what you say about David, he's a perfectly fine teacher!	ALVY	 (Interrupting) David!  David!  I can't believe this!	ANNIE	 And what are you doing following me around for, anyway?	ALVY	 I'm following you and David, if you-	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 I'm following you and David, if you-	ANNIE	 (Interrupting) I just think we oughta call this relationship quits! (He turns toward the camera as the cab drives away) Well, I don't know what I did wrong. (Gesturing) I mean, I can't believe this.  Somewhere she cooled off to me! (He walks up to an older woman walking down the street carrying groceries) Is it-is it something that I did?					Annie Hall 
CARTOON FIGURE ROB'S VOICE-OVER	 -for Rolling Stone.	FEMALE REPORTER	 I think there are more people here to see the Maharishi than there were to see the Dylan concert.  I covered the Dylan concert ... which gave me chills. Especially when he sang "She takes just like a woman And she makes love just like a woman Yes, she does And she aches just like a woman But she breaks just like a little girl." (They move toward the aisles as a guard holds up his hands to stop them) Up to that I guess the most charismatic event I covered was Mick's Birthday when the Stones played Madison Square Garden.	ALVY	 (Laughing) Man, that's great.  That's just great.	REPORTER	 You catch Dylan?	Annie Hall 
FEMALE REPORTER	 I think there are more people here to see the Maharishi than there were to see the Dylan concert.  I covered the Dylan concert ... which gave me chills. Especially when he sang "She takes just like a woman And she makes love just like a woman Yes, she does And she aches just like a woman But she breaks just like a little girl." (They move toward the aisles as a guard holds up his hands to stop them) Up to that I guess the most charismatic event I covered was Mick's Birthday when the Stones played Madison Square Garden.	ALVY	 (Laughing) Man, that's great.  That's just great.	REPORTER	 You catch Dylan?	ALVY	 (Coughing) Me?  No, no. I-I couldn't make it that ni- My-my raccoon had hepatitis.	Annie Hall 
REPORTER	 You catch Dylan?	ALVY	 (Coughing) Me?  No, no. I-I couldn't make it that ni- My-my raccoon had hepatitis.	REPORTER	 You have a raccoon?	ALVY	 (Gesturing) Tsch, a few.	Annie Hall 
REPORTER	 You have a raccoon?	ALVY	 (Gesturing) Tsch, a few.	REPORTER	 The only word for this is trans-plendid. It's trans-plendid.	ALVY	 I can think of another word.	Annie Hall 
REPORTER	 Yeah.	ALVY	 I can't get with any religion that advertises in Popular Mechanics.  Look- (The Maharisbi, a small, chunky man, walks out of the men's room, huge bodyguards flanking him while policemen bold back the crowds) there's God coming outta the men's room.	REPORTER	 It's unbelievably trans-plendid!  I was at the Stones concert in Altamount when they killed that guy, remember?	ALVY	 Yeah, were yuh?  I was-I was at an Alice Cooper thing where six people were rushed to the hospital with bad vibes.	Annie Hall 
REPORTER	 (Looking down at him) I hope you don't mind that I took so long to finish.	ALVY	 (Sighing) Oh, no, no, don't be ... tsch ... don't be silly.  You know, (Yawning) I'm startin' it-I'm startin' to get some feeling back in my jaw now.	REPORTER	 Oh, sex with you is really a kafkaesque experience.	ALVY	 Oh, tsch, thank you.  H'm.	Annie Hall 
REPORTER	 I mean that as a compliment.	ALVY	 (Making sounds) I think-I think there's too much burden placed on the orgasm, you know, to make up for empty areas in life.	REPORTER	 Who said that?	ALVY	 (Rubbing his chin and shoulder) Uh, oh, I don't know.  It might have been Leopold and Loeb. (The telephone rings.  Alvy picks it up, rising up slightly from the bed, concerned, as he talks) Hello.  Oh, hi ... Uh, no, what-what's the matter?  What-what-what?  You sound terrible ... No, what- Sure I- Whatta yuh -what kind of an emergency? ... No, well, stay there.  Stay there, I'll come over right now.  I'll come over right now.  Just stay there, I'll come right over.	Annie Hall 
REPORTER	 Who said that?	ALVY	 (Rubbing his chin and shoulder) Uh, oh, I don't know.  It might have been Leopold and Loeb. (The telephone rings.  Alvy picks it up, rising up slightly from the bed, concerned, as he talks) Hello.  Oh, hi ... Uh, no, what-what's the matter?  What-what-what?  You sound terrible ... No, what- Sure I- Whatta yuh -what kind of an emergency? ... No, well, stay there.  Stay there, I'll come over right now.  I'll come over right now.  Just stay there, I'll come right over.					Annie Hall 
ALVY	 What's- It's me, open up.	ANNIE	 (Opening the door) Oh.	ALVY	 Are you okay?  What's the matter? (They look at each other, Annie sighing) Are you all right?  What-	ANNIE	 There's a spider in the bathroom.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Opening the door) Oh.	ALVY	 Are you okay?  What's the matter? (They look at each other, Annie sighing) Are you all right?  What-	ANNIE	 There's a spider in the bathroom.	ALVY	 (Reacting) What?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 There's a spider in the bathroom.	ALVY	 (Reacting) What?	ANNIE	 There's a big black spider in the bathroom.	ALVY	 That's what you got me here for at three o'clock in the morning, 'cause there's a spider in the bathroom?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 My God, I mean, you know how I am about insects.	ALVY	 (Interrupting, sighing) Oooh.	ANNIE	 -I can't sleep with a live thing crawling around in the bathroom.	ALVY	 Kill it!  For Go- What's wrong with you? Don't you have a can of Raid in the house?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Kill it!  For Go- What's wrong with you? Don't you have a can of Raid in the house?	ANNIE	 (Shaking her head) No.	ALVY	 (Sighing) I told you a thousand times you should always keep, uh, a lotta insect spray. You never know who's gonna crawl over.	ANNIE	 (Following him) I know, I know, and a first-aid kit and a fire extinguisher.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Shaking her head) No.	ALVY	 (Sighing) I told you a thousand times you should always keep, uh, a lotta insect spray. You never know who's gonna crawl over.	ANNIE	 (Following him) I know, I know, and a first-aid kit and a fire extinguisher.	ALVY	 Jesus.  All right, gimme a magazine. I- 'cause I'm a little tired. (While Annie goes of to find him a magazine, Alvy, still talking, glances around the apartment.  He notices a small book on a cabinet and picks it up.) You know, you, you joke with-about me, you make fun of me, but I'm prepared for anything.  An emergency, a tidal wave, an earthquake.  Hey, what is this? What?  Did you go to a rock concert?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Sighing) I told you a thousand times you should always keep, uh, a lotta insect spray. You never know who's gonna crawl over.	ANNIE	 (Following him) I know, I know, and a first-aid kit and a fire extinguisher.	ALVY	 Jesus.  All right, gimme a magazine. I- 'cause I'm a little tired. (While Annie goes of to find him a magazine, Alvy, still talking, glances around the apartment.  He notices a small book on a cabinet and picks it up.) You know, you, you joke with-about me, you make fun of me, but I'm prepared for anything.  An emergency, a tidal wave, an earthquake.  Hey, what is this? What?  Did you go to a rock concert?	ANNIE	 Yeah.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Following him) I know, I know, and a first-aid kit and a fire extinguisher.	ALVY	 Jesus.  All right, gimme a magazine. I- 'cause I'm a little tired. (While Annie goes of to find him a magazine, Alvy, still talking, glances around the apartment.  He notices a small book on a cabinet and picks it up.) You know, you, you joke with-about me, you make fun of me, but I'm prepared for anything.  An emergency, a tidal wave, an earthquake.  Hey, what is this? What?  Did you go to a rock concert?	ANNIE	 Yeah.	ALVY	 Oh, yeah, really?  Really?  How-how'd you like it?  Was it-was it, I mean, did it ... was it heavy?  Did it achieve total heavy-ocity?  Or was it, uh...	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 It was just great!	ALVY	 (Thumbing through the book) Oh, humdinger.  When- Well, I got a wonderful idea.  Why don'tcha get the guy who took you to the rock concert, we'll call him and he can come over and kill the spider.  You know, it's a-	ANNIE	 I called you; you wanna help me ... or not?  H'h?  Here.	ALVY	 (Looking down at the magazine) What is this?  What are you, since when do you read the "National Review"? What are you turning in to?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 I called you; you wanna help me ... or not?  H'h?  Here.	ALVY	 (Looking down at the magazine) What is this?  What are you, since when do you read the "National Review"? What are you turning in to?	ANNIE	 (Turning to a nearby chair for some gum in her pocketbook) Well, I like to try to get all points of view.	ALVY	 It's wonderful.  Then why don'tcha get William F. Buckley to kill the spider?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Looking down at the magazine) What is this?  What are you, since when do you read the "National Review"? What are you turning in to?	ANNIE	 (Turning to a nearby chair for some gum in her pocketbook) Well, I like to try to get all points of view.	ALVY	 It's wonderful.  Then why don'tcha get William F. Buckley to kill the spider?	ANNIE	 (Spinning around to face him) Alvy, you're a little hostile, you know that?  Not only that, you look thin and tired.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 It's wonderful.  Then why don'tcha get William F. Buckley to kill the spider?	ANNIE	 (Spinning around to face him) Alvy, you're a little hostile, you know that?  Not only that, you look thin and tired.	ALVY	 Well, I was in be- It's three o'clock in the morning.  You, uh, you got me outta bed, I ran over here, I couldn't get a taxi cab.  You said it was an emergency, and I didn't ge- I ran up the stairs.  Hell - I was a lot more attractive when the evening began. Look, uh, tell- Whatta you- Are you going with a right-wing rock-and roll star?  Is that possible?	ANNIE	 (Sitting down on a chair arm and looking up at Alvy) Would you like a glass of chocolate milk?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Well, I was in be- It's three o'clock in the morning.  You, uh, you got me outta bed, I ran over here, I couldn't get a taxi cab.  You said it was an emergency, and I didn't ge- I ran up the stairs.  Hell - I was a lot more attractive when the evening began. Look, uh, tell- Whatta you- Are you going with a right-wing rock-and roll star?  Is that possible?	ANNIE	 (Sitting down on a chair arm and looking up at Alvy) Would you like a glass of chocolate milk?	ALVY	 Hey, what am I-your son?  Whatta you mean? I-I came over TV --_	ANNIE	 (Touching his chest with her hand) I got the good chocolate, Alvy.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Hey, what am I-your son?  Whatta you mean? I-I came over TV --_	ANNIE	 (Touching his chest with her hand) I got the good chocolate, Alvy.	ALVY	 Yeah, where is the spider?	ANNIE	 It really is lovely.  It's in the bathroom.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Is he in the bathroom?	ANNIE	 (Rising from chair) Hey, don't squish it, and after it's dead, flush it down the toilet, okay? And flush it a couple o' times.	ALVY	 (Moving down the hallway to the bathroom) Darling, darling, I've been killing spiders since I was thirty, okay?	ANNIE	 (Upset, hands on her neck) Oh.  What?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Rising from chair) Hey, don't squish it, and after it's dead, flush it down the toilet, okay? And flush it a couple o' times.	ALVY	 (Moving down the hallway to the bathroom) Darling, darling, I've been killing spiders since I was thirty, okay?	ANNIE	 (Upset, hands on her neck) Oh.  What?	ALVY	 (Coming back into the living room) Very big spider.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Moving down the hallway to the bathroom) Darling, darling, I've been killing spiders since I was thirty, okay?	ANNIE	 (Upset, hands on her neck) Oh.  What?	ALVY	 (Coming back into the living room) Very big spider.	ANNIE	 Yeah?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Upset, hands on her neck) Oh.  What?	ALVY	 (Coming back into the living room) Very big spider.	ANNIE	 Yeah?	ALVY	 Two ... Yeah.  Lotta, lotta trouble. There's two of 'em.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Two?	ALVY	 (Opening a closet door) Yep.  I didn't think it was that big, but it's a major spider.  You got a broom or something with a-	ANNIE	 Oh, I-I left it at your house.	ALVY	 (Overlapping) -snow shovel or anything or something.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Oh, I-I left it at your house.	ALVY	 (Overlapping) -snow shovel or anything or something.	ANNIE	 (Overlapping) I think I left it there, I'm sorry.	ALVY	 (Holding the racquet) Okay, let me have this.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Overlapping) -snow shovel or anything or something.	ANNIE	 (Overlapping) I think I left it there, I'm sorry.	ALVY	 (Holding the racquet) Okay, let me have this.	ANNIE	 Well, what are you doing ... what are you doing with-	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Overlapping) I think I left it there, I'm sorry.	ALVY	 (Holding the racquet) Okay, let me have this.	ANNIE	 Well, what are you doing ... what are you doing with-	ALVY	 Honey, there's a spider in your bathroom the size of a Buick.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Hey, what is this?  You got black soap?	ANNIE	 (Off screen) It's for my complexion.	ALVY	 Whatta-whatta yuh joining a minstrel show? Geez. (Alvy turns and starts swapping the racquet over the shelf, knocking down articles and breaking glass) Don't worry! (He continues to swat the racquet all over the bathroom.  He finally moves out of the room, hands close to his body.  He walks into the other room, where Annie is sitting in a corner of her bed leaning against the wall) I did it!  I killed them both.  What-what's the matter?  Whatta you- (Annie is sobbing, her band over her face) -whatta you sad about?  You- What'd you want me to do?  Capture 'em and rehabilitate 'em?	ANNIE	 (Sobbing and taking Alvy's arm) Oh, don't go, okay?  Please.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Off screen) It's for my complexion.	ALVY	 Whatta-whatta yuh joining a minstrel show? Geez. (Alvy turns and starts swapping the racquet over the shelf, knocking down articles and breaking glass) Don't worry! (He continues to swat the racquet all over the bathroom.  He finally moves out of the room, hands close to his body.  He walks into the other room, where Annie is sitting in a corner of her bed leaning against the wall) I did it!  I killed them both.  What-what's the matter?  Whatta you- (Annie is sobbing, her band over her face) -whatta you sad about?  You- What'd you want me to do?  Capture 'em and rehabilitate 'em?	ANNIE	 (Sobbing and taking Alvy's arm) Oh, don't go, okay?  Please.	ALVY	 (Sitting down next to her) Whatta you mean, don't go?  Whatta-whatta -what's the matter?  Whatta you expecting -termites?  What's the matter?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Whatta-whatta yuh joining a minstrel show? Geez. (Alvy turns and starts swapping the racquet over the shelf, knocking down articles and breaking glass) Don't worry! (He continues to swat the racquet all over the bathroom.  He finally moves out of the room, hands close to his body.  He walks into the other room, where Annie is sitting in a corner of her bed leaning against the wall) I did it!  I killed them both.  What-what's the matter?  Whatta you- (Annie is sobbing, her band over her face) -whatta you sad about?  You- What'd you want me to do?  Capture 'em and rehabilitate 'em?	ANNIE	 (Sobbing and taking Alvy's arm) Oh, don't go, okay?  Please.	ALVY	 (Sitting down next to her) Whatta you mean, don't go?  Whatta-whatta -what's the matter?  Whatta you expecting -termites?  What's the matter?	ANNIE	 (Sobbing) Oh, uh, I don't know.  I miss you.  Tsch.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Sobbing and taking Alvy's arm) Oh, don't go, okay?  Please.	ALVY	 (Sitting down next to her) Whatta you mean, don't go?  Whatta-whatta -what's the matter?  Whatta you expecting -termites?  What's the matter?	ANNIE	 (Sobbing) Oh, uh, I don't know.  I miss you.  Tsch.	ALVY	 Oh, Jesus, really?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Sitting down next to her) Whatta you mean, don't go?  Whatta-whatta -what's the matter?  Whatta you expecting -termites?  What's the matter?	ANNIE	 (Sobbing) Oh, uh, I don't know.  I miss you.  Tsch.	ALVY	 Oh, Jesus, really?	ANNIE	 (Leaning on his shoulder) Oh, yeah.  Oh. (They kiss) Oh!  Alvy?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Oh, Jesus, really?	ANNIE	 (Leaning on his shoulder) Oh, yeah.  Oh. (They kiss) Oh!  Alvy?	ALVY	 What?	ANNIE	 Was there somebody in your room when I called you?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 It's all right for me, it's been terrific, you know?  Better than either one of my marriages.  See, 'cause. . . 'cause there's just something different about you.  I don't know what it is, but it's great.	ANNIE	 (Snickering) You know I think that if you let me, maybe I could help you have more fun, you know? I mean, I know it's hard and ... Yeah.	ALVY	 I don't know.	ANNIE	 Alvy, what about ... what if we go away this weekend, and we could-	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 -me, my God, it's a great day!	ALVY	 (Interrupting) Hey, can yuh watch the road?  Watch the --	ROB	 (Overlapping) Yeah, watch the road!	ALVY	 You'll total the whole car.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Interrupting) Hey, can yuh watch the road?  Watch the --	ROB	 (Overlapping) Yeah, watch the road!	ALVY	 You'll total the whole car.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Hey, you know, I never even visited Brooklyn before.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 You'll total the whole car.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Hey, you know, I never even visited Brooklyn before.	ROB	 I can't wait to see the old neighborhood.	ALVY	 Yeah, the neighborhood's gonna be great.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Right.  I was a great athlete.  Tell her, Max, I was the best, I was all schoolyard.	ROB	 Yes, I remember. (Annie laughs) He was all schoolyard.  They threw him a football once, he tried to dribble it.	ALVY	 Yeah, well, I used to lose my glasses a lot.			Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Oh, look, look, there's that ... that's -that's my old house.  That's where I used to live.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Holy cow!	ROB	 You're lucky, Max-where I used to live is now a pornographic equipment store.	ALVY	 I have some very good memories there.	Annie Hall 
ALVY'S FATHER	 She's a colored woman, from Harlem! She has no money!  She's got a right to steal from us!  After all, who is she gonna steal from if not us?	ADULT ALVY	 (Yelling into the scene) You're both crazy!	ROB	 They can't hear you, Max.	ALVY'S MOTHER	 Leo ... I married a fool!	Annie Hall 
ALVY'S MOTHER	 Leo ... I married a fool!	ROB	 (Pointing) Hey, Max!  Who's that?	ALVY	 It-it-it's the welcome-home party in nineteen forty-five, for my cousin Herbie.	ADULT ALVY	 (Pointing) Look, look, there's-there's that one over there, that's Joey Nichols, he was my- (Young Alvy stands next to Joey Nichols, who's sitting in one of the easy chairs.  They smile at each other; people and noise all around) -father's friend.  He was always bothering me when I was a kid.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 It-it-it's the welcome-home party in nineteen forty-five, for my cousin Herbie.	ADULT ALVY	 (Pointing) Look, look, there's-there's that one over there, that's Joey Nichols, he was my- (Young Alvy stands next to Joey Nichols, who's sitting in one of the easy chairs.  They smile at each other; people and noise all around) -father's friend.  He was always bothering me when I was a kid.	JOEY	 Joey Nichols. (Laughing) See.  Nichols.  See, Nichols! (Joey shows young Alvy his cuff links and a tie pin, which are made from nickels, as Alvy stands with hands on hips, unconcerned. Joey then slaps his band to his forehead and puts a nickel on his forehead) Yuh see, nickels!  You can always remember my name, just think of Joey Five Cents. (Laughing) That's me.  Joey Five Cents!	YOUNG ALVY	 (Turning away) What an asshole!	Annie Hall 
ADULT ALVY	 (Pointing) Look, look, there's-there's that one over there, that's Joey Nichols, he was my- (Young Alvy stands next to Joey Nichols, who's sitting in one of the easy chairs.  They smile at each other; people and noise all around) -father's friend.  He was always bothering me when I was a kid.	JOEY	 Joey Nichols. (Laughing) See.  Nichols.  See, Nichols! (Joey shows young Alvy his cuff links and a tie pin, which are made from nickels, as Alvy stands with hands on hips, unconcerned. Joey then slaps his band to his forehead and puts a nickel on his forehead) Yuh see, nickels!  You can always remember my name, just think of Joey Five Cents. (Laughing) That's me.  Joey Five Cents!	YOUNG ALVY	 (Turning away) What an asshole!	ALVY'S MOTHER	 I was always the sister with good common sense.  But Tessie was always the one with personality.  When she was younger, they all wanted to marry Tessie.	Annie Hall 
JOEY	 Joey Nichols. (Laughing) See.  Nichols.  See, Nichols! (Joey shows young Alvy his cuff links and a tie pin, which are made from nickels, as Alvy stands with hands on hips, unconcerned. Joey then slaps his band to his forehead and puts a nickel on his forehead) Yuh see, nickels!  You can always remember my name, just think of Joey Five Cents. (Laughing) That's me.  Joey Five Cents!	YOUNG ALVY	 (Turning away) What an asshole!	ALVY'S MOTHER	 I was always the sister with good common sense.  But Tessie was always the one with personality.  When she was younger, they all wanted to marry Tessie.	ADULT ALVY	 (Pointing, to Rob) Do you believe that, Max?  Tessie Moskowitz had the personality.  She's the life of the ghetto, no doubt.	Annie Hall 
ALVY'S MOTHER	 I was always the sister with good common sense.  But Tessie was always the one with personality.  When she was younger, they all wanted to marry Tessie.	ADULT ALVY	 (Pointing, to Rob) Do you believe that, Max?  Tessie Moskowitz had the personality.  She's the life of the ghetto, no doubt.	ALVY'S MOTHER	 (To the young girl) She was once a great beauty.	ROB	 Tessie, they say you were the sister with personality.	Annie Hall 
ADULT ALVY	 (Pointing, to Rob) Do you believe that, Max?  Tessie Moskowitz had the personality.  She's the life of the ghetto, no doubt.	ALVY'S MOTHER	 (To the young girl) She was once a great beauty.	ROB	 Tessie, they say you were the sister with personality.	TESSIE	 (Addressing the young girl) I was a great beauty.	Annie Hall 
ROB	 Tessie, they say you were the sister with personality.	TESSIE	 (Addressing the young girl) I was a great beauty.	ROB	 Uh, how did this personality come about?	TESSIE	 (Grabbing the young girl's cheek) I was very charming.	Annie Hall 
ROB	 Uh, how did this personality come about?	TESSIE	 (Grabbing the young girl's cheek) I was very charming.	ROB	 There were many men interested in you?	TESSIE	 (To the young girl) Oh, I was quite a lively dancer.	Annie Hall 
ROB	 There were many men interested in you?	TESSIE	 (To the young girl) Oh, I was quite a lively dancer.	ROB	 (Laughing) That's pretty hard to believe.			Annie Hall 
TESSIE	 (To the young girl) Oh, I was quite a lively dancer.	ROB	 (Laughing) That's pretty hard to believe.					Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Yeah, but no presents till midnight.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh, darn it.					Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Making sounds) This is- (Making sounds) Huh?	ALVY	 Happy birthday.	ANNIE	 What is this? Is this a...Present? (Laughing) Are you kidding?			Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Happy birthday.	ANNIE	 What is this? Is this a...Present? (Laughing) Are you kidding?	ALVY	 Yeah, hey, why don't yuh try it on?	ANNIE	 Uh, yeah, uh ... t-t-this is more like a present for you, yeah, but it's-	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Try it ... it'll add years to our sex life.	ANNIE	 (Looking up at Alvy and laughing) Uh huh.  Yeah.  Forget it.	ALVY	 Here's a real present.	ANNIE	 (Opening the gift) What... huh?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Here's a real present.	ANNIE	 (Opening the gift) What... huh?	ALVY	 Check it out.	ANNIE	 Oh, yeah?  What is this, anyway? (continuing) Let me see.  Okay, let's... oooh, God! (She takes out a watch from the box) Oh, you knew I wanted this ... (Laughing) God, it's terrific, God!	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Check it out.	ANNIE	 Oh, yeah?  What is this, anyway? (continuing) Let me see.  Okay, let's... oooh, God! (She takes out a watch from the box) Oh, you knew I wanted this ... (Laughing) God, it's terrific, God!	ALVY	 (Making sounds) Yeah, I know.  Just-just put on the watch, and-and ... that thing, and we'll just ...	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh!  My God! (Making sounds)	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Oh, yeah?  What is this, anyway? (continuing) Let me see.  Okay, let's... oooh, God! (She takes out a watch from the box) Oh, you knew I wanted this ... (Laughing) God, it's terrific, God!	ALVY	 (Making sounds) Yeah, I know.  Just-just put on the watch, and-and ... that thing, and we'll just ...	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh!  My God! (Making sounds)			Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Making sounds) Yeah, I know.  Just-just put on the watch, and-and ... that thing, and we'll just ...	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh!  My God! (Making sounds)					Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Laughing) Thank you.	ALVY	 (Reacting) You were-you were sensational.  I mean, I-you know, I-I told yuh that if yuh stuck to it, you would be great, and-and, you know, I-I-you-you were sensational.	ANNIE	 (Looking at Alvy, smiling) Yeah, well, we have the, I mean, they were just a terrific audience, I mean, you know, it makes it really easy for me, because I can be ... huh?	ANNIE	 Oh.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Reacting) You were-you were sensational.  I mean, I-you know, I-I told yuh that if yuh stuck to it, you would be great, and-and, you know, I-I-you-you were sensational.	ANNIE	 (Looking at Alvy, smiling) Yeah, well, we have the, I mean, they were just a terrific audience, I mean, you know, it makes it really easy for me, because I can be ... huh?	ANNIE	 Oh.	TONY	 Hi, I'm-I'm Tony Lacey.	Annie Hall 
TONY	 Uh, we just wanted to stop by and say that we really enjoyed your sets.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh, yeah, really, oh!	TONY	 I though it was ... very musical, and I liked it a lot.	ANNIE	 Oh, neat ... oh, that's very nice, gosh, thanks a lot.	Annie Hall 
TONY	 Are you ... are you recording?  Or do- Are you with any label now?	ANNIE	 (Laughing) No, no, no, not at all.	TONY	 Uh, well, I'd like to talk to you about that sometime, if you get a chance.	ANNIE	 Oh.  What about?	Annie Hall 
TONY	 ... of possibly working together.	ANNIE	 (Looking for the first time at Alvy) Well, hey, that's, that's nice.  Uh. Oh, listen, this is, uh, Alvy Singer. Do you know Alvy?  Uh ... and ... uh ... Tony Lacey.	TONY	 No, I don't-I don't know, but I-I know your work.  I'm a big fan of yours.	ALVY	 Thank you very much.  It's a pleasure.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Thank you very much.  It's a pleasure.	TONY	 (Turning to introduce his entourage) This is, uh, Shawn, and, uh ... Bob and Petronia.	ANNIE	 Hi.	ENTOURAGE	 Hi.	Annie Hall 
ENTOURAGE	 Hi.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Hi, hi, Bob ...	TONY	 Uh ... w-we're going back to the Pierre. We're staying at the Pierre ... and we're gonna meet Jack and Angelica, and have a drink there, and ... if you'd like to come, uh, we'd love to have you.	ANNIE	 Yeah.	Annie Hall 
TONY	 And we could just sit and talk ... nothing. Uh, not a big deal, it's just relax, just be very mellow.	ALVY	 (Fingers to his mouth, reacting) Remember, we had that thing.	ANNIE	 What thing?	ALVY	 (Staring at Annie and clearing his throat) Don't you remember we-we-we discussed that thing that we were-	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 What thing?	ALVY	 (Staring at Annie and clearing his throat) Don't you remember we-we-we discussed that thing that we were-	ANNIE	 (Overlapping) Thing?	ALVY	 (Overlapping) -yes, we had, uh ...	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Staring at Annie and clearing his throat) Don't you remember we-we-we discussed that thing that we were-	ANNIE	 (Overlapping) Thing?	ALVY	 (Overlapping) -yes, we had, uh ...	ANNIE	 (Looking at Alvy, reacting) Oh, the thing!  Oh, the thing ... (Laughing) ... yeah ... yeah.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Overlapping) Thing?	ALVY	 (Overlapping) -yes, we had, uh ...	ANNIE	 (Looking at Alvy, reacting) Oh, the thing!  Oh, the thing ... (Laughing) ... yeah ... yeah.	TONY	 Oh, well, I-if it's inconvenient, eh, we can't do it now ... that's fine, too.  W-w-w-we'll do it another time.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Overlapping) -yes, we had, uh ...	ANNIE	 (Looking at Alvy, reacting) Oh, the thing!  Oh, the thing ... (Laughing) ... yeah ... yeah.	TONY	 Oh, well, I-if it's inconvenient, eh, we can't do it now ... that's fine, too.  W-w-w-we'll do it another time.	ANNIE	 Hey-	Annie Hall 
TONY	 Maybe if you're on the Coast, we'll get together and ... and we'll meet there.	ANNIE	 (Reacting) Oh.	TONY	 It was a wonderful set.	ANNIE	 Oh, gosh.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Oh, gosh.	TONY	 (Smiling) I really enjoyed it. (Looking at Alvy) Nice to have metcha.  Good night.	ENTOURAGE	 Bye-bye.	ANNIE	 Nice to see you ... bye.  Yeah.  Bye.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Nice to see you ... bye.  Yeah.  Bye.	ALVY	 (Reacting) What's ... you ... well, what's the matter, You w-wanna go to that party?	ANNIE	 (Looking down at her hands, then up at Alvy) I don't know, I thought it might be kind of fun, you know what I mean, it'd be nice to meet some new people.	ALVY	 (Sighing) I'm just not ... you know, I don't think I could take a mellow eve- 'cause I-I don't respond well to mellow, you know what I mean, I-I have a tendency to ... if I get too mellow, I-I ripen and then rot.  You know, and it's-it's not good for my ... (Making sounds)	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Reacting) What's ... you ... well, what's the matter, You w-wanna go to that party?	ANNIE	 (Looking down at her hands, then up at Alvy) I don't know, I thought it might be kind of fun, you know what I mean, it'd be nice to meet some new people.	ALVY	 (Sighing) I'm just not ... you know, I don't think I could take a mellow eve- 'cause I-I don't respond well to mellow, you know what I mean, I-I have a tendency to ... if I get too mellow, I-I ripen and then rot.  You know, and it's-it's not good for my ... (Making sounds)	ANNIE	 All right, all right, you don't wanna go to the party, so uh, whatta you wanna do?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Looking down at her hands, then up at Alvy) I don't know, I thought it might be kind of fun, you know what I mean, it'd be nice to meet some new people.	ALVY	 (Sighing) I'm just not ... you know, I don't think I could take a mellow eve- 'cause I-I don't respond well to mellow, you know what I mean, I-I have a tendency to ... if I get too mellow, I-I ripen and then rot.  You know, and it's-it's not good for my ... (Making sounds)	ANNIE	 All right, all right, you don't wanna go to the party, so uh, whatta you wanna do?			Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (To her doctor) That day in Brooklyn was the last day I remember really having a great time.	ALVY	 (To his doctor) Well, we never have any laughs anymore, is the problem.	ANNIE	 Well, I've been moody and dissatisfied.	ALVY'S PSYCHIATRIST	 How often do you sleep together?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 I don't know, though, I feel so guilty because Alvy is paying for it, so, you know, so I do feel guilty if I don't go to bed with him.  But if I do go to bed with him, it's like I'm going against my own feelings.  I don't know I-I can't win.	ALVY	 (Simultaneously, with Annie) You know ... it's getting expensive ...my analyst ... for her analyst.  She- she's making progress and I'm not making any progress.  Her progress is defeating my progress.	ANNIE	 (Simultaneously, with Alvy) Sometimes I think-sometimes I think I should just live with a woman.			Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Simultaneously, with Annie) You know ... it's getting expensive ...my analyst ... for her analyst.  She- she's making progress and I'm not making any progress.  Her progress is defeating my progress.	ANNIE	 (Simultaneously, with Alvy) Sometimes I think-sometimes I think I should just live with a woman.					Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 You never wanna try anything new, Alvy.	ALVY	 (Counting on his fingers) How can you say that?  I mean, (Making sounds) who said I-I-I-I said that you, I and that girl from your acting class should sleep together in a threesome.	ANNIE	 (Reacting) That's sick!	ALVY	 Yeah, I know it's sick, but it's new. You know, you didn't say it couldn't be sick.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Counting on his fingers) How can you say that?  I mean, (Making sounds) who said I-I-I-I said that you, I and that girl from your acting class should sleep together in a threesome.	ANNIE	 (Reacting) That's sick!	ALVY	 Yeah, I know it's sick, but it's new. You know, you didn't say it couldn't be sick.	WOMAN FRIEND	 Just come on, Alvy. (All four are now sitting on the sofa. The male friend starts to prepare lines of cocaine; Alvy and Annie look at each other, reacting) Do your body a favor.  Try it, come on.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Yeah, I know it's sick, but it's new. You know, you didn't say it couldn't be sick.	WOMAN FRIEND	 Just come on, Alvy. (All four are now sitting on the sofa. The male friend starts to prepare lines of cocaine; Alvy and Annie look at each other, reacting) Do your body a favor.  Try it, come on.	ALVY	 Oh, yeah?	ANNIE	 Yeah.  Come on.  It'd be fun.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Yeah.  Come on.  It'd be fun.	ALVY	 (Moving forward on the couch) Oh, I'm sure it's a lot of fun, 'cause the Incas did it, you know, and-and they-they-they were a million laughs.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Alvy, come on, for your own experience. I mean, you wanna write, why not?	MALE FRIEND	 It's great stuff, Alvy.  Friend of mine just brought it in from California.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Moving forward on the couch) Oh, I'm sure it's a lot of fun, 'cause the Incas did it, you know, and-and they-they-they were a million laughs.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Alvy, come on, for your own experience. I mean, you wanna write, why not?	MALE FRIEND	 It's great stuff, Alvy.  Friend of mine just brought it in from California.	ANNIE	 Oh, do you know something-I didn't tell yuh, we're going to California next week.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 ... I'm thrilled.  As you know, uh ... uh, on my agent's advice I sold out, and I'm gonna do an appearance on TV.	ANNIE	 (Interrupting) No, no, no that's not it at all.  Alvy's giving an award on television.  Gee, he talks like he's violating a moral issue sitting here.	GIRL	 You're kidding?	ALVY	 It's so phony, and we have to leave New York during Christmas week, which really kills me.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 It's so phony, and we have to leave New York during Christmas week, which really kills me.	MAN	 (Interrupting) Alvy, listen, while you're in California, could you possibly score some coke for me?	ALVY	 (Over Annie's laughter) Sure, sure, I'll be glad to. I-I'll just put it in a-a-a h-h-hollow heel that I have in my boot, you know. (Alvy picks up the small open gold case of cocaine base the man placed on the coffee table and looks at it, reacting) H-h-how much is this stuff?	MAN	 It's about two thousand dollars an ounce.	Annie Hall 
MAN	 (Interrupting) Alvy, listen, while you're in California, could you possibly score some coke for me?	ALVY	 (Over Annie's laughter) Sure, sure, I'll be glad to. I-I'll just put it in a-a-a h-h-hollow heel that I have in my boot, you know. (Alvy picks up the small open gold case of cocaine base the man placed on the coffee table and looks at it, reacting) H-h-how much is this stuff?	MAN	 It's about two thousand dollars an ounce.	ANNIE	 God.	Annie Hall 
VOICES	 (Singing) We wish you a Merry Christmas, We wish you a Merry Christmas, We wish you a Merry Christmas, And a -Happy New Year.	ROB	 (Over the singing) I've never been so relaxed as I have been since I moved out here, Max.  I want you to see my house.  I live right next to Hugh Hefner's house, Max. He lets me use the Jacuzzi.  And the women, Max, they're like the women in Playboy magazine, only they can move their arms and legs.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) You know, I can't get over that this is really Beverly Hills.	VOICES	 (Singing) We wish you a Merry Christmas, And a Happy New Year.	Annie Hall 
ROB	 (Over the singing) I've never been so relaxed as I have been since I moved out here, Max.  I want you to see my house.  I live right next to Hugh Hefner's house, Max. He lets me use the Jacuzzi.  And the women, Max, they're like the women in Playboy magazine, only they can move their arms and legs.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) You know, I can't get over that this is really Beverly Hills.	VOICES	 (Singing) We wish you a Merry Christmas, And a Happy New Year.	ALVY	 Yeah, the architecture is really consistent, isn't it?  French next to-	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Laughing) You know, I can't get over that this is really Beverly Hills.	VOICES	 (Singing) We wish you a Merry Christmas, And a Happy New Year.	ALVY	 Yeah, the architecture is really consistent, isn't it?  French next to-	VOICES	 (Singing over the dialogue) Oh, Christmas ... tree, Oh, Christmas tree, How bright and green Our ...	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Yeah, the architecture is really consistent, isn't it?  French next to-	VOICES	 (Singing over the dialogue) Oh, Christmas ... tree, Oh, Christmas tree, How bright and green Our ...	ALVY	 -Spanish, next to Tudor, next to Japanese.	ANNIE	 God, it's so clean out here.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Can you believe this is Christmas here?	VOICES	 (Singing) Oh Christmas tree, Oh Christmas tree ...	ANNIE	 You know, it was snowing-it was snowing and really gray in New York yesterday.	ROB	 No kidding?	Annie Hall 
ROB	 While you're out here, Max, I want you to see some of my TV show.  And we're invited to a big Christmas party.	VOICES	 (Singing, louder now) Remember Christ our Savior Was born on Christmas day To save us all ... from Satan's power As we were gone astray.					Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Overlapping the chatter) Oh.	ROB	 Look, now, Charlie, give me a big laugh here.	ROB ON TV SCREEN	 A limousine to the track breakdown?			Annie Hall 
ARNIE	 Yeah.	ROB	 (Turning to the technician) Give me a tremendous laugh here, Charlie.	ALVY	 Look, uh ...	ROB	 (To Alvy) We do the show live in front of an audience.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Look, uh ...	ROB	 (To Alvy) We do the show live in front of an audience.	ALVY	 Great, but nobody laughs at it 'cause your jokes aren't funny.	ROB	 Yeah, well, that's why this machine is dynamite.	Annie Hall 
ROB	 (To the technician) Yeah ... uh, now give me a like a medium-size chuckle here ... and then a big hand.	ALVY	 (Removing his glasses and rubbing his face) Is there booing on there?	WOMAN	 We were just gonna fix you up with my cousin Dolores.	ALVY	 (Overlapping the TV) Oh, Max, I don't feel well.	Annie Hall 
WOMAN	 We were just gonna fix you up with my cousin Dolores.	ALVY	 (Overlapping the TV) Oh, Max, I don't feel well.	ROB	 What's the matter?	ALVY	 I don't know, I just got-I got very dizzy... (Coughing) I feel dizzy, Max.	Annie Hall 
ROB	 What's the matter?	ALVY	 I don't know, I just got-I got very dizzy... (Coughing) I feel dizzy, Max.	ROB	 Well, sit down.	ALVY	 (Sitting down) Oh, Jesus.	Annie Hall 
ROB	 Well, sit down.	ALVY	 (Sitting down) Oh, Jesus.	ROB	 You all right?	ALVY	 I don't know, I mean, I-	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 I don't know, I mean, I-	ROB	 (Crouching before Alvy, looking at him) You wanna lie down?	ALVY	 No, no-my, you know, my stomach felt queasy all morning.  I just started getting ...	ROB	 How about a ginger ale?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Talking into the phone) Yes.	DOCTOR	 (Holding out the food) Why don't you just try to get a little of this down?  This is just plain chicken.	ALVY	 (Taking a piece of chicken and holding it) Oh, oh, no, I can't-I can't eat this. I'm nauseous. (He gasps and makes sounds) If you could-if you could just give me something to get me through the next two hours, you know I-I have to go out to Burbank ... and give out an award on a TV show.	ANNIE	 (On the phone, overlapping the doctor and Alvy) Well ... H-h huh ... Oh, good ... Yes, I'll tell him.	Annie Hall 
DOCTOR	 (Holding out the food) Why don't you just try to get a little of this down?  This is just plain chicken.	ALVY	 (Taking a piece of chicken and holding it) Oh, oh, no, I can't-I can't eat this. I'm nauseous. (He gasps and makes sounds) If you could-if you could just give me something to get me through the next two hours, you know I-I have to go out to Burbank ... and give out an award on a TV show.	ANNIE	 (On the phone, overlapping the doctor and Alvy) Well ... H-h huh ... Oh, good ... Yes, I'll tell him.	DOCTOR	 Well, there's nothing wrong with you actually, so far as I can tell.  I mean, you have no fever, no ... no symptoms of anything serious.  You haven't been eating pork or shellfish.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Taking a piece of chicken and holding it) Oh, oh, no, I can't-I can't eat this. I'm nauseous. (He gasps and makes sounds) If you could-if you could just give me something to get me through the next two hours, you know I-I have to go out to Burbank ... and give out an award on a TV show.	ANNIE	 (On the phone, overlapping the doctor and Alvy) Well ... H-h huh ... Oh, good ... Yes, I'll tell him.	DOCTOR	 Well, there's nothing wrong with you actually, so far as I can tell.  I mean, you have no fever, no ... no symptoms of anything serious.  You haven't been eating pork or shellfish.	ANNIE	 (Sitting on the edge of the bed) Excuse me.  I'm sorry, I'm sorry, Doctor. Uh, Alvy-Alvy, that was the show.  They said everything is fine.  They found a replacement, so they're going to tape without you.	Annie Hall 
DOCTOR	 Well, there's nothing wrong with you actually, so far as I can tell.  I mean, you have no fever, no ... no symptoms of anything serious.  You haven't been eating pork or shellfish.	ANNIE	 (Sitting on the edge of the bed) Excuse me.  I'm sorry, I'm sorry, Doctor. Uh, Alvy-Alvy, that was the show.  They said everything is fine.  They found a replacement, so they're going to tape without you.	ALVY	 (Making sounds) I'm nauseous. (He sighs and gasps) Oh, jesus, now I don't get to do the TV show?	ANNIE	 Yeah.  Listen, Doctor, I'm worried.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Sitting on the edge of the bed) Excuse me.  I'm sorry, I'm sorry, Doctor. Uh, Alvy-Alvy, that was the show.  They said everything is fine.  They found a replacement, so they're going to tape without you.	ALVY	 (Making sounds) I'm nauseous. (He sighs and gasps) Oh, jesus, now I don't get to do the TV show?	ANNIE	 Yeah.  Listen, Doctor, I'm worried.	DOCTOR	 Now, Mrs. Singer, I can't find anything --	Annie Hall 
DOCTOR	 No, I think I can get a lab man up here.	ALVY	 (Grabbing the rest of the chicken from the plate) Oh, jesus. Can I have the salt, please?	ANNIE	 What do you mean?  Do you think he's-	DOCTOR	 (Handing the salt to Alvy) Yes, excuse me. (To Annie) Perhaps it would be even better if we took him to the hospital for a day or two.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 What do you mean?  Do you think he's-	DOCTOR	 (Handing the salt to Alvy) Yes, excuse me. (To Annie) Perhaps it would be even better if we took him to the hospital for a day or two.	ANNIE	 Uh-huh ... Oh, hospital?	DOCTOR	 Well, otherwise, there's no real way to tell what's going on.	Annie Hall 
DOCTOR	 Well, otherwise, there's no real way to tell what's going on.	ALVY	 (Making sounds, gasping) This is not bad, actually.					Annie Hall 
ALVY	 And ... uh-	ROB	 (Interrupting) How do you like this couple, Max?	ROB	 And I think they just came back from Masters and Johnson.	ALVY	 Yeah, intensive care ward. (Watching the woman in white) My God-hey, Max, I think she's ... I think she's giving me the eye.	Annie Hall 
ROB	 And I think they just came back from Masters and Johnson.	ALVY	 Yeah, intensive care ward. (Watching the woman in white) My God-hey, Max, I think she's ... I think she's giving me the eye.	ROB	 If she comes over here, Max, my brain is going to turn into guacamole.	ALVY	 I'll handle it.  I'll handle it.  Hi.	Annie Hall 
GIRL IN WHITE	 You're Alvy Singer, right?  Didn't we meet at EST?	ALVY	 (Reacting) EST?  No, no, I was never to est.	GIRL IN WHITE	 Then how can you criticize it?	ALVY	 Oh.	Annie Hall 
ROB	 Oh, he-he didn't say anything.	ALVY	 (Laughing) No, no, I came out here to get some shock therapy, but there was an energy crisis, so I ... He's my-my food taster. Have you two met?	ROB	 (Shaking his head) Hi.  How do you do.	GIRL IN WHITE	 Do you taste to see if the food's poisoned?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Laughing) No, no, I came out here to get some shock therapy, but there was an energy crisis, so I ... He's my-my food taster. Have you two met?	ROB	 (Shaking his head) Hi.  How do you do.	GIRL IN WHITE	 Do you taste to see if the food's poisoned?	ALVY	 Yeah, he's crazy.	Annie Hall 
TONY	 There's a whole wing in this house.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Oh yeah, stay here?  U-huh.	TONY	 You can have it to use.  Why-why are you smiling?	ANNIE	 (Laughing) I don't know.  I don't know.	Annie Hall 
TONY	 You can have it to use.  Why-why are you smiling?	ANNIE	 (Laughing) I don't know.  I don't know.					Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Yeah, I love it there.	ANNIE	 (Laughing) Yeah.	TONY	 Well, I used to live there.  I used to live there for years.  You know, but it's gotten-it's so dirty now.	ANNIE	 Yeah.	Annie Hall 
GIRL IN WHITE	 We saw "Grand Illusion" here last night.	ALVY AND ANNIE	 (In unison) Oh, yeah?					Annie Hall 
ALVY AND ANNIE	 (In unison) Oh, yeah? MAN ON THE SOFA (Looking over his shoulder at the group) That's a great film if you're high. (The group laughs, looking down at the man on the sofa. He looks up at them, smiling, a joint in his hand, and offers them a cigarette) Hey, you.	TONY	 (Shaking his head no) Come and see our bedroom.  We did a fantastic lighting job.  Okay?	ANNIE	 Oh, good.  Okay.			Annie Hall 
ALVY	 I'm cool.	ANNIE	 (Taking Alvy's arm) It's wonderful. I mean, you know they just watch movies all day.	ALVY	 Yeah, and gradually you get old and die. You know it's important to make a little effort once in a while.	ANNIE	 Don't you think his girl friend's beautiful?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE'S VOICE-OVER	 (To herself) That was fun.  I don't think California is bad at all.  It's a drag coming home.	ALVY'S VOICE-OVER	 (To himself) Lotta beautiful women.  It was fun to flirt.	ANNIE'S VOICE-OVER	 (As she sips coffee) I have to face facts. I-I adore Alvy, but our relationship doesn't seem to work anymore.	ALVY'S VOICE-OVER	 (An open magazine lies in his lap) I'll have the usual trouble with Annie in bed tonight.  Whatta I need this?	Annie Hall 
ALVY'S VOICE-OVER	 (To himself) Lotta beautiful women.  It was fun to flirt.	ANNIE'S VOICE-OVER	 (As she sips coffee) I have to face facts. I-I adore Alvy, but our relationship doesn't seem to work anymore.	ALVY'S VOICE-OVER	 (An open magazine lies in his lap) I'll have the usual trouble with Annie in bed tonight.  Whatta I need this?	ANNIE'S VOICE-OVER	 If only I had the nerve to break up, but it would really hurt him.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE'S VOICE-OVER	 (As she sips coffee) I have to face facts. I-I adore Alvy, but our relationship doesn't seem to work anymore.	ALVY'S VOICE-OVER	 (An open magazine lies in his lap) I'll have the usual trouble with Annie in bed tonight.  Whatta I need this?	ANNIE'S VOICE-OVER	 If only I had the nerve to break up, but it would really hurt him.	ALVY'S VOICE-OVER	 If only I didn't feel guilty asking Annie to move out.  It'd probably wreck her.  But I should be honest.	Annie Hall 
ALVY'S VOICE-OVER	 If only I didn't feel guilty asking Annie to move out.  It'd probably wreck her.  But I should be honest.	ANNIE	 (Looking back at Alvy) Alvy, uh, let's face it.  You know something, don't think our relationship is working.	ALVY	 Tsch, I know.  A relationship, I think, is-is like a shark, you know?  It has to constantly move forward or it dies. (He sighs) And I think what we got on our hands (Clearing his throat) is a dead shark.			Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Looking back at Alvy) Alvy, uh, let's face it.  You know something, don't think our relationship is working.	ALVY	 Tsch, I know.  A relationship, I think, is-is like a shark, you know?  It has to constantly move forward or it dies. (He sighs) And I think what we got on our hands (Clearing his throat) is a dead shark.					Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Holding up a book) Whose "Catcher in the Rye" is this?	ANNIE	 (Walking into the room with an armload of books) Well, let's see now ... If it has my name on it, then I guess it's mine.	ALVY	 (Reacting) Oh, it sure has ... You know, you wrote your name in all my books, 'cause you knew this day was gonna come.	ANNIE	 (Putting down the books and flipping back her hair) Well, uh, Alvy, you wanted to break up just as much as I do.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Walking into the room with an armload of books) Well, let's see now ... If it has my name on it, then I guess it's mine.	ALVY	 (Reacting) Oh, it sure has ... You know, you wrote your name in all my books, 'cause you knew this day was gonna come.	ANNIE	 (Putting down the books and flipping back her hair) Well, uh, Alvy, you wanted to break up just as much as I do.	ALVY	 (Riffling through the books) There's no-no question in my mind.  I think we're doing the mature thing, without any doubt.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Reacting) Oh, it sure has ... You know, you wrote your name in all my books, 'cause you knew this day was gonna come.	ANNIE	 (Putting down the books and flipping back her hair) Well, uh, Alvy, you wanted to break up just as much as I do.	ALVY	 (Riffling through the books) There's no-no question in my mind.  I think we're doing the mature thing, without any doubt.	ANNIE	 (Holding a framed picture and moving about) Now, look, all the books on death and dying are yours and all the poetry books are mine.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Putting down the books and flipping back her hair) Well, uh, Alvy, you wanted to break up just as much as I do.	ALVY	 (Riffling through the books) There's no-no question in my mind.  I think we're doing the mature thing, without any doubt.	ANNIE	 (Holding a framed picture and moving about) Now, look, all the books on death and dying are yours and all the poetry books are mine.	ALVY	 (Looking down at a book) This "Denial of Death".  You remember this?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Riffling through the books) There's no-no question in my mind.  I think we're doing the mature thing, without any doubt.	ANNIE	 (Holding a framed picture and moving about) Now, look, all the books on death and dying are yours and all the poetry books are mine.	ALVY	 (Looking down at a book) This "Denial of Death".  You remember this?	ANNIE	 Oh-	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Holding a framed picture and moving about) Now, look, all the books on death and dying are yours and all the poetry books are mine.	ALVY	 (Looking down at a book) This "Denial of Death".  You remember this?	ANNIE	 Oh-	ALVY	 This is the first book that I got you.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Thanks, honey.	ANNIE	 (Patting Alvy's shoulder) Oh, no, no, no, no, no.  I mean, you know, no, no, no, I mean, I think it's really important for us to explore new relationships and stuff like that.	ALVY	 There's no-there's no question about that, 'cause we've given this ... uh, uh, I think a more than fair shot, you know?	ANNIE	 (Off screen) Yeah, my analyst thinks this move is keen for me.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 There's no-there's no question about that, 'cause we've given this ... uh, uh, I think a more than fair shot, you know?	ANNIE	 (Off screen) Yeah, my analyst thinks this move is keen for me.	ALVY	 (Off screen) Yeah, and I-I tru-  you know, I trust her, because my-my analyst recommended her.	ANNIE	 (Walking in with another armload of books) Well, why should I put you through all my moods and hang-ups anyway?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Off screen) Yeah, my analyst thinks this move is keen for me.	ALVY	 (Off screen) Yeah, and I-I tru-  you know, I trust her, because my-my analyst recommended her.	ANNIE	 (Walking in with another armload of books) Well, why should I put you through all my moods and hang-ups anyway?	ALVY	 Right.  And you-and you know what the beauty part is?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Off screen) Yeah, and I-I tru-  you know, I trust her, because my-my analyst recommended her.	ANNIE	 (Walking in with another armload of books) Well, why should I put you through all my moods and hang-ups anyway?	ALVY	 Right.  And you-and you know what the beauty part is?	ANNIE	 What?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 What?	ALVY	 (Holding a small box of buttons) We can always come back together again. Because there's no-there's no problem. 'Cause ... Right.	ANNIE	 (Overlapping) Exactly, but ... exactly.  Ooooh!	ALVY	 You know, I-I-I don't think many couples could handle this.  You know, they could just break up and remain friends.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Holding a small box of buttons) We can always come back together again. Because there's no-there's no problem. 'Cause ... Right.	ANNIE	 (Overlapping) Exactly, but ... exactly.  Ooooh!	ALVY	 You know, I-I-I don't think many couples could handle this.  You know, they could just break up and remain friends.	ANNIE	 (Taking a button from a box) Hey, this one's mine, this button. This one, you rem-	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 You know, I-I-I don't think many couples could handle this.  You know, they could just break up and remain friends.	ANNIE	 (Taking a button from a box) Hey, this one's mine, this button. This one, you rem-	ALVY	 (Interrupting) Yeah.	ANNIE	 I guess these are all yours.  Impeach, uh, Eisenhower ... Impeach Nixon ... Impeach Lyndon Johnson ... Impeach Ronald Reagan.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Taking a button from a box) Hey, this one's mine, this button. This one, you rem-	ALVY	 (Interrupting) Yeah.	ANNIE	 I guess these are all yours.  Impeach, uh, Eisenhower ... Impeach Nixon ... Impeach Lyndon Johnson ... Impeach Ronald Reagan.			Annie Hall 
OLD WOMAN	 Don't tell me you're jealous?	ALVY	 Yeah, jealous. A little bit like Medea. Lemme, lemme-can I show you something, lady? (He takes a small item from his pocket to show the woman) What I have here ... I found this in the apartment.  Black soap.  She used to wash her face eight hundred times a day with black soap. Don't ask me why.	OLD WOMAN	 Well, why don't you go out with other women?	ALVY	 Well, I-I tried, but it's, uh, you know, it's very depressing.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Pointing to the lobster) This always happens to me.  Quick, g-go get a broom.	GIRL DATE	 (Smoking) What are you making such a big deal about? (As she talks, the lobster drops from the tray to the floor.  Alvy jumps away, then gingerly scrapes the tray toward the lobster) They're only lobsters.  Look, you're a grown man, you know how to pick up a lobster.	ALVY	 (Looking up in stooped-over position) I'm not myself since I stopped smoking.	GIRL DATE	 (Still leaning against the sink, her hand on her hip) Oh, when'd you quit smoking?	Annie Hall 
GIRL DATE	 (Smoking) What are you making such a big deal about? (As she talks, the lobster drops from the tray to the floor.  Alvy jumps away, then gingerly scrapes the tray toward the lobster) They're only lobsters.  Look, you're a grown man, you know how to pick up a lobster.	ALVY	 (Looking up in stooped-over position) I'm not myself since I stopped smoking.	GIRL DATE	 (Still leaning against the sink, her hand on her hip) Oh, when'd you quit smoking?	ALVY	 Sixteen years ago.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Looking up in stooped-over position) I'm not myself since I stopped smoking.	GIRL DATE	 (Still leaning against the sink, her hand on her hip) Oh, when'd you quit smoking?	ALVY	 Sixteen years ago.	GIRL DATE	 (Puzzled) Whatta you mean?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Sixteen years ago.	GIRL DATE	 (Puzzled) Whatta you mean?	ALVY	 (Mocking) Mean?	GIRL DATE	 You stopped smoking sixteen years ago, is that what you said?  Oh, I-I don't understand.  Are you joking, or what?	Annie Hall 
GIRL DATE	 (Puzzled) Whatta you mean?	ALVY	 (Mocking) Mean?	GIRL DATE	 You stopped smoking sixteen years ago, is that what you said?  Oh, I-I don't understand.  Are you joking, or what?			Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Whatta you mean, where am I? Where do- where do you think I am?  I'm-I'm out ... I'm at the Los Angeles Airport. I flew in ... (Sniffling) Tsch, I-well, I flew in to see you ... (Muttering) Hey, listen, can we not debate this on-on the telephone because I'm, you know, I-I feel that I got a temperature and I'm-I'm getting my-my chronic Los Angeles nausea. I-I don't feel so good.	ALVY'S VOICE-OVER	 Well, where-wherever you wanna meet, I don't care.  I'll-I'll drive in.  I rented a car I'm driving ... that ... Whatta you mean?  What-why is that such a miracle?  I'm driving myself --					Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (To the waitress) I'm gonna...I'm gonna have the alfalfa sprouts and, uh, a plate of mashed yeast.	ANNIE	 Hi.	ALVY	 You look very pretty.			Annie Hall 
ALVY	 You look very pretty.	ANNIE	 Oh, no, I just lost a little weight, that's all. (Alvy adjusts his glasses, not exactly knowing where to start; a bit uneasy) Well, you look nice.	ALVY	 (Nodding his head) You see, I-I've been thinking about it and I think that we should get married.	ANNIE	 (Adjusting her sunglasses) Oh, Alvy, come on.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Oh, no, I just lost a little weight, that's all. (Alvy adjusts his glasses, not exactly knowing where to start; a bit uneasy) Well, you look nice.	ALVY	 (Nodding his head) You see, I-I've been thinking about it and I think that we should get married.	ANNIE	 (Adjusting her sunglasses) Oh, Alvy, come on.	ALVY	 Why?  You wanna live out here all year? It's like living in Munchkin Land.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Nodding his head) You see, I-I've been thinking about it and I think that we should get married.	ANNIE	 (Adjusting her sunglasses) Oh, Alvy, come on.	ALVY	 Why?  You wanna live out here all year? It's like living in Munchkin Land.	ANNIE	 (Looking around) Well, whatta you mean?  I mean, it's perfectly fine out here.  I mean, Tony's very nice and, uh, well, I meet people and I go to parties and-and we play tennis. I mean, that's ... that's a very big step for me, you know?  I mean ... (Reacting, Alvy looks down at his hands, then up) I'm able to enjoy people more.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Why?  You wanna live out here all year? It's like living in Munchkin Land.	ANNIE	 (Looking around) Well, whatta you mean?  I mean, it's perfectly fine out here.  I mean, Tony's very nice and, uh, well, I meet people and I go to parties and-and we play tennis. I mean, that's ... that's a very big step for me, you know?  I mean ... (Reacting, Alvy looks down at his hands, then up) I'm able to enjoy people more.	ALVY	 (Sadly) So whatta you ... You're not gonna come back to New York?	ANNIE	 (Smiling) What's so great about New York?  I mean, it's a dying city.  You read "Death in Venice."	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Looking around) Well, whatta you mean?  I mean, it's perfectly fine out here.  I mean, Tony's very nice and, uh, well, I meet people and I go to parties and-and we play tennis. I mean, that's ... that's a very big step for me, you know?  I mean ... (Reacting, Alvy looks down at his hands, then up) I'm able to enjoy people more.	ALVY	 (Sadly) So whatta you ... You're not gonna come back to New York?	ANNIE	 (Smiling) What's so great about New York?  I mean, it's a dying city.  You read "Death in Venice."	ALVY	 Hey, you didn't read "Death in Venice" till I bought it for yuh.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Sadly) So whatta you ... You're not gonna come back to New York?	ANNIE	 (Smiling) What's so great about New York?  I mean, it's a dying city.  You read "Death in Venice."	ALVY	 Hey, you didn't read "Death in Venice" till I bought it for yuh.	ANNIE	 That's right, that's right. (Still smiling) You only gave me books with the word "death" in the titles.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Hey, you didn't read "Death in Venice" till I bought it for yuh.	ANNIE	 That's right, that's right. (Still smiling) You only gave me books with the word "death" in the titles.	ALVY	 (Nodding his head and gesturing) That's right, 'cause it's an important issue.	ANNIE	 Alvy, you're incapable of enjoying life, you know that?  I mean, your life is New York City.  You're just this person. You're like this island unto yourself.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 That's right, that's right. (Still smiling) You only gave me books with the word "death" in the titles.	ALVY	 (Nodding his head and gesturing) That's right, 'cause it's an important issue.	ANNIE	 Alvy, you're incapable of enjoying life, you know that?  I mean, your life is New York City.  You're just this person. You're like this island unto yourself.	ALVY	 (Toying with his car keys) I can't enjoy anything unless I ... unless everybody is.  I-you know, if one guy is starving someplace, that's ... you know, I-I ... it puts a crimp in my evening. (Looking down at his hands, sadly) So wanna get married or what?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Alvy, you're incapable of enjoying life, you know that?  I mean, your life is New York City.  You're just this person. You're like this island unto yourself.	ALVY	 (Toying with his car keys) I can't enjoy anything unless I ... unless everybody is.  I-you know, if one guy is starving someplace, that's ... you know, I-I ... it puts a crimp in my evening. (Looking down at his hands, sadly) So wanna get married or what?	ANNIE	 (Seriously) No. We're friends.  I wanna remain friends.	ALVY	 (In disbelief) Okay. (Louder, to the waitress) Check, please.  Can I -can I ... Can I ... Can I ...	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Toying with his car keys) I can't enjoy anything unless I ... unless everybody is.  I-you know, if one guy is starving someplace, that's ... you know, I-I ... it puts a crimp in my evening. (Looking down at his hands, sadly) So wanna get married or what?	ANNIE	 (Seriously) No. We're friends.  I wanna remain friends.	ALVY	 (In disbelief) Okay. (Louder, to the waitress) Check, please.  Can I -can I ... Can I ... Can I ...	ANNIE	 (Interrupting) You're mad, aren't you?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Seriously) No. We're friends.  I wanna remain friends.	ALVY	 (In disbelief) Okay. (Louder, to the waitress) Check, please.  Can I -can I ... Can I ... Can I ...	ANNIE	 (Interrupting) You're mad, aren't you?	ALVY	 (Shaking his head) No. (Then nodding) Yes, of course I'm mad, because you love me, I know that.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (In disbelief) Okay. (Louder, to the waitress) Check, please.  Can I -can I ... Can I ... Can I ...	ANNIE	 (Interrupting) You're mad, aren't you?	ALVY	 (Shaking his head) No. (Then nodding) Yes, of course I'm mad, because you love me, I know that.	ANNIE	 Alvy, I can't say that that's true at this point in my life.  I really just can't say that that's true.  I mean, you know how wonderful you are.  I mean, you know ... you're the reason that I got outta my room and that I was able to sing, and-and-and, you know, get more in touch with my feelings and all that crap.  Anyway, look, I don't wanna- Listen, listen, listen, uh (Laughing) h'h, so whatta you up to anyway, huh?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Interrupting) You're mad, aren't you?	ALVY	 (Shaking his head) No. (Then nodding) Yes, of course I'm mad, because you love me, I know that.	ANNIE	 Alvy, I can't say that that's true at this point in my life.  I really just can't say that that's true.  I mean, you know how wonderful you are.  I mean, you know ... you're the reason that I got outta my room and that I was able to sing, and-and-and, you know, get more in touch with my feelings and all that crap.  Anyway, look, I don't wanna- Listen, listen, listen, uh (Laughing) h'h, so whatta you up to anyway, huh?	ALVY	 (Shrugging his shoulders) The usual, you know. Uh, tryin't'write. I'm workin' on a play. (Sighing) Jesus.  So whatta yuh saying?  That you're not comin' back to New York with me?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Shaking his head) No. (Then nodding) Yes, of course I'm mad, because you love me, I know that.	ANNIE	 Alvy, I can't say that that's true at this point in my life.  I really just can't say that that's true.  I mean, you know how wonderful you are.  I mean, you know ... you're the reason that I got outta my room and that I was able to sing, and-and-and, you know, get more in touch with my feelings and all that crap.  Anyway, look, I don't wanna- Listen, listen, listen, uh (Laughing) h'h, so whatta you up to anyway, huh?	ALVY	 (Shrugging his shoulders) The usual, you know. Uh, tryin't'write. I'm workin' on a play. (Sighing) Jesus.  So whatta yuh saying?  That you're not comin' back to New York with me?	ANNIE	 (Nodding) No! (Pauses) Look, I gotta go.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Alvy, I can't say that that's true at this point in my life.  I really just can't say that that's true.  I mean, you know how wonderful you are.  I mean, you know ... you're the reason that I got outta my room and that I was able to sing, and-and-and, you know, get more in touch with my feelings and all that crap.  Anyway, look, I don't wanna- Listen, listen, listen, uh (Laughing) h'h, so whatta you up to anyway, huh?	ALVY	 (Shrugging his shoulders) The usual, you know. Uh, tryin't'write. I'm workin' on a play. (Sighing) Jesus.  So whatta yuh saying?  That you're not comin' back to New York with me?	ANNIE	 (Nodding) No! (Pauses) Look, I gotta go.	ALVY	 You mean that ... (He gets up and starts following her past diners at other tables) I-I-I-I flew three thousand miles to see you.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Shrugging his shoulders) The usual, you know. Uh, tryin't'write. I'm workin' on a play. (Sighing) Jesus.  So whatta yuh saying?  That you're not comin' back to New York with me?	ANNIE	 (Nodding) No! (Pauses) Look, I gotta go.	ALVY	 You mean that ... (He gets up and starts following her past diners at other tables) I-I-I-I flew three thousand miles to see you.	ANNIE	 I'm late.	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 (Nodding) No! (Pauses) Look, I gotta go.	ALVY	 You mean that ... (He gets up and starts following her past diners at other tables) I-I-I-I flew three thousand miles to see you.	ANNIE	 I'm late.	ALVY	 Air miles, you know.  I mean, you know what that does to my stomach?	Annie Hall 
ANNIE	 Just forget it, Alvy, okay?  Let's just forget the conversation.	ALVY	 (Yelling after her) Awards! They do nothing but give out awards!  I can't believe it.  Greatest, greatest fascist dictator, Adolf Hitler!	ALVY	 (Getting out of the car) Officer, I know what you're gonna say. I'm-I'm not a great driver, you know, I-I have some problems with-with-with-	OFFICER	 (Interrupting) May I see your license, please?	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Getting out of the car) Officer, I know what you're gonna say. I'm-I'm not a great driver, you know, I-I have some problems with-with-with-	OFFICER	 (Interrupting) May I see your license, please?	ALVY	 Sure. (Searching, he finally fishes his license out of his pocket) just don't-don't get angry, you know what I mean?  'Cause I-I have - I have my-my license here.  You know, it's a rented car.  And I've ...	OFFICER	 Don't give me your life story (Looking at the piece of paper on the ground) -just pick up the license.	Annie Hall 
OFFICER	 (Interrupting) May I see your license, please?	ALVY	 Sure. (Searching, he finally fishes his license out of his pocket) just don't-don't get angry, you know what I mean?  'Cause I-I have - I have my-my license here.  You know, it's a rented car.  And I've ...	OFFICER	 Don't give me your life story (Looking at the piece of paper on the ground) -just pick up the license.	ALVY	 Pick up the license.  You have to ask nicely 'cause I've had an extremely rough day.  You know, my girl friend-	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Sure. (Searching, he finally fishes his license out of his pocket) just don't-don't get angry, you know what I mean?  'Cause I-I have - I have my-my license here.  You know, it's a rented car.  And I've ...	OFFICER	 Don't give me your life story (Looking at the piece of paper on the ground) -just pick up the license.	ALVY	 Pick up the license.  You have to ask nicely 'cause I've had an extremely rough day.  You know, my girl friend-	OFFICER	 (Interrupting) Just give me the license, please.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 Pick up the license.  You have to ask nicely 'cause I've had an extremely rough day.  You know, my girl friend-	OFFICER	 (Interrupting) Just give me the license, please.	ALVY	 Since you put it that way. (He laughs) It's hard for me to refuse. (He leans over, picks up the license, then proceeds to rip it up.  He lets the pieces go; they float to the ground) ... have a, I have a terrific problem with authority, you know.  I'm... it's not your fault.  Don't take it personal.			Annie Hall 
OFFICER	 (Interrupting) Just give me the license, please.	ALVY	 Since you put it that way. (He laughs) It's hard for me to refuse. (He leans over, picks up the license, then proceeds to rip it up.  He lets the pieces go; they float to the ground) ... have a, I have a terrific problem with authority, you know.  I'm... it's not your fault.  Don't take it personal.					Annie Hall 
ROB	 Imagine my surprise when I got your call, Max.	ALVY	 (Carrying his jacket over his shoulder) Yeah.  I had the feeling that I got you at a bad moment.  You know, I heard high-pitched squealing.	ROB	 (Starting the car) Twins, Max.  Sixteen-year-olds.  Can you imagine the mathematical possibilities?	ALVY	 (Reacting) You're an actor, Max.  You should be doing Shakespeare in the Park.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (Carrying his jacket over his shoulder) Yeah.  I had the feeling that I got you at a bad moment.  You know, I heard high-pitched squealing.	ROB	 (Starting the car) Twins, Max.  Sixteen-year-olds.  Can you imagine the mathematical possibilities?	ALVY	 (Reacting) You're an actor, Max.  You should be doing Shakespeare in the Park.	ROB	 Oh, I did Shakespeare in the Park, Max. I got mugged.  I was playing Richard the Second and two guys with leather jackets stole my leotard.	Annie Hall 
ROB	 (Starting the car) Twins, Max.  Sixteen-year-olds.  Can you imagine the mathematical possibilities?	ALVY	 (Reacting) You're an actor, Max.  You should be doing Shakespeare in the Park.	ROB	 Oh, I did Shakespeare in the Park, Max. I got mugged.  I was playing Richard the Second and two guys with leather jackets stole my leotard.	ALVY	 (Looking at Rob's helmet) Max, are we driving through plutonium?	Annie Hall 
ROB	 Oh, I did Shakespeare in the Park, Max. I got mugged.  I was playing Richard the Second and two guys with leather jackets stole my leotard.	ALVY	 (Looking at Rob's helmet) Max, are we driving through plutonium?	ROB	 Keeps out the alpha rays, Max.  You don't get old.			Annie Hall 
ACTRESS	 Well, you only give me books with the word "death" in the title.	ACTOR	 (In mirrored reflection) It's an important issue.	ACTRESS	 (In mirrored reflection) Alvy, you are totally incapable of enjoying life.	ACTRESS	 You're like New York.  You're an island.	Annie Hall 
ACTOR	 (In mirrored reflection) It's an important issue.	ACTRESS	 (In mirrored reflection) Alvy, you are totally incapable of enjoying life.	ACTRESS	 You're like New York.  You're an island.	ACTOR	 (Rising with emotion) Okay, if that's all that we've been through together means to you, I guess it's better if we just said goodbye, once and for all!  You know, it's funny, after all the serious talks and passionate moments that it ends here ... in a health -food restaurant on Sunset Boulevard. Goodbye, Sunny.	Annie Hall 
ACTRESS	 You're like New York.  You're an island.	ACTOR	 (Rising with emotion) Okay, if that's all that we've been through together means to you, I guess it's better if we just said goodbye, once and for all!  You know, it's funny, after all the serious talks and passionate moments that it ends here ... in a health -food restaurant on Sunset Boulevard. Goodbye, Sunny.	ACTRESS	 Wait!  I'm-I'm gonna ... go with you. (The actor comes back. They embrace) I love you.	ALVY	 (To the audience, gesturing) Tsch, whatta you want?  It was my first play.  You know, you know how you're always tryin' t' get things to come out perfect in art because, uh, it's real difficult in life.  Interestingly, however, I did run into Annie again.  It was on the Upper West Side of Manhattan.	Annie Hall 
ACTOR	 (Rising with emotion) Okay, if that's all that we've been through together means to you, I guess it's better if we just said goodbye, once and for all!  You know, it's funny, after all the serious talks and passionate moments that it ends here ... in a health -food restaurant on Sunset Boulevard. Goodbye, Sunny.	ACTRESS	 Wait!  I'm-I'm gonna ... go with you. (The actor comes back. They embrace) I love you.	ALVY	 (To the audience, gesturing) Tsch, whatta you want?  It was my first play.  You know, you know how you're always tryin' t' get things to come out perfect in art because, uh, it's real difficult in life.  Interestingly, however, I did run into Annie again.  It was on the Upper West Side of Manhattan.	ALVY'S VOICE	 (Over the theater scene and, Annie's singing) She had moved back to New York.  She was living in SoHo with some guy. (Laughing) And when I met her she was, of all things, dragging him in to see "The Sorrow and the Pity."  Which I counted as a personal triumph.  Annie and I ... (Alvy's voice continues over the scene shot through a window of Manhattan cafe showing Alvy and Annie sitting at a table, laughing and enjoying themselves) ... we had lunch sometime after that, and, uh, just, uh, kicked around old times.	Annie Hall 
ACTRESS	 Wait!  I'm-I'm gonna ... go with you. (The actor comes back. They embrace) I love you.	ALVY	 (To the audience, gesturing) Tsch, whatta you want?  It was my first play.  You know, you know how you're always tryin' t' get things to come out perfect in art because, uh, it's real difficult in life.  Interestingly, however, I did run into Annie again.  It was on the Upper West Side of Manhattan.	ALVY'S VOICE	 (Over the theater scene and, Annie's singing) She had moved back to New York.  She was living in SoHo with some guy. (Laughing) And when I met her she was, of all things, dragging him in to see "The Sorrow and the Pity."  Which I counted as a personal triumph.  Annie and I ... (Alvy's voice continues over the scene shot through a window of Manhattan cafe showing Alvy and Annie sitting at a table, laughing and enjoying themselves) ... we had lunch sometime after that, and, uh, just, uh, kicked around old times.	ALVY'S VOICE-OVER	 After that it got pretty late.  And we both hadda go, but it was great seeing Annie again, right?  I realized what a terrific person she was and-and how much fun it was just knowing her and I-I thought of that old joke, you know, this- this-this guy goes to a psychiatrist and says, "Doc, uh, my brother's crazy.  He thinks he's a chicken." And, uh, the doctor says, "Well, why don't you turn him in?" And the guy says, "I would, but I need the eggs." Well, I guess that's pretty much how how I feet about relationships.  You know, they're totally irrational and crazy and absurd and ... but, uh, I guess we keep goin' through it because, uh, most of us need the eggs.	Annie Hall 
ALVY	 (To the audience, gesturing) Tsch, whatta you want?  It was my first play.  You know, you know how you're always tryin' t' get things to come out perfect in art because, uh, it's real difficult in life.  Interestingly, however, I did run into Annie again.  It was on the Upper West Side of Manhattan.	ALVY'S VOICE	 (Over the theater scene and, Annie's singing) She had moved back to New York.  She was living in SoHo with some guy. (Laughing) And when I met her she was, of all things, dragging him in to see "The Sorrow and the Pity."  Which I counted as a personal triumph.  Annie and I ... (Alvy's voice continues over the scene shot through a window of Manhattan cafe showing Alvy and Annie sitting at a table, laughing and enjoying themselves) ... we had lunch sometime after that, and, uh, just, uh, kicked around old times.	ALVY'S VOICE-OVER	 After that it got pretty late.  And we both hadda go, but it was great seeing Annie again, right?  I realized what a terrific person she was and-and how much fun it was just knowing her and I-I thought of that old joke, you know, this- this-this guy goes to a psychiatrist and says, "Doc, uh, my brother's crazy.  He thinks he's a chicken." And, uh, the doctor says, "Well, why don't you turn him in?" And the guy says, "I would, but I need the eggs." Well, I guess that's pretty much how how I feet about relationships.  You know, they're totally irrational and crazy and absurd and ... but, uh, I guess we keep goin' through it because, uh, most of us need the eggs.	THE END		Annie Hall 
