ALICE	 "Make" him?	LARRY	 (thoughtfully) You know what I mean.	THE AUDITORIUM - CONTINUOUS		LARRY (V.O.)	 I'm not exactly worldly, but I'm the Secretary of State next to him.	Antitrust 
LARRY	 I'm just screwed.	ALICE	 (that's not true) You know what he's like. He just wants to work on stuff that's cool.	LARRY	 You don't wanna move, do you?	ALICE	 I can paint anywhere.	Antitrust 
ALICE (V.O.)	 I mean, nobody else can follow what they're talking about half the time.	MILO/TEDDY	 (under Alice) 'Could be a condition-variable in the locking code -- If it didn't seg fault, first!					Antitrust 
LARRY	 I can't help it. I feel like they'd do anything to keep their --	ALICE	 Anything? That's not even credible. If he wants to go up there? To check it out? I think you should encourage him. (seeing Larry's incredulity) It's his life. But everybody's treating him like this -- valuable object. You're hurting your own case.					Antitrust 
LARRY	 In exchange for endowments. They should just drop the pretense and name the schools after 'em.	BRIAN	 (to Teddy) I can't believe you refused a ticket!	TEDDY	 My parents're already freaked-out I'm staying here. 50 miles from Chinatown.	BRIAN	 Well maybe if you told 'em how much money you'd be making -- (to Milo) You're going up there. Right?	Antitrust 
TEDDY	 My parents're already freaked-out I'm staying here. 50 miles from Chinatown.	BRIAN	 Well maybe if you told 'em how much money you'd be making -- (to Milo) You're going up there. Right?	LARRY	 I think you should go.	MILO	 (amazed) You do?	Antitrust 
LARRY	 I think you should go.	MILO	 (amazed) You do?	LARRY	 I mean, it's your life.			Antitrust 
MILO	 ...That's okay. INT. DEN-LIKE ROOM - MOVING (bodies roiling in Hell). Milo is -- puzzled.	GARY	 The house knows the paintings I like, it knows my favorite music. Same for anybody else who's in the system.					Antitrust 
GARY	 Would you like a Coke or something?	MILO	 (too shy, too nervous) Oh. No thanks.	GARY	 When we started, I just hired my smart friends. That was great. We got a little bigger, I had to hire smart strangers. Much harder.	GARY	 Now I don't get to hire anybody. But I know you're the guy to write Skywire.	Antitrust 
MILO	 Low enough to relay internet traffic.	GARY	 (he smiles: exactly) Among other things... We know convergence is the real super-highway: all the PC's, TV's, phones, etc. linked together. Why cram it into a cable if you can use the whole sky?	MILO	 (turning the sleek object) Skywire.			Antitrust 
GARY	 (he smiles: exactly) Among other things... We know convergence is the real super-highway: all the PC's, TV's, phones, etc. linked together. Why cram it into a cable if you can use the whole sky?	MILO	 (turning the sleek object) Skywire.					Antitrust 
MILO	 I do!	GARY	 (pleased) Yeah? I wanna feel like I did when I wrote that. But I'm 42, that's 100 in cyber-years. I look at you and see the things that got me here. (the furrows deepen) But somehow got away.					Antitrust 
ALICE	 Don't bring that up. Like a different girlfriend would'd've let you die?	MILO	 (shrugs) You saved my life in alot of ways.	ALICE	 It's not just Gary that makes you wanna go there? 'Cause it's a big place. You might not even see him again.	MILO	 I know.	Antitrust 
MILO	 Guess what? They got their --	ALICE	 Milo, this is Mr. Barton from the Justice Department. (gives Barton the water) Sorry about the glass.	BARTON	 Don't worry, Milo. I'm here as a friend. Or maybe a supplicant.	MILO	 Right... What's that mean again?	Antitrust 
BARTON	 Beggar. We're at a disadvantage with Outpost. Our experts aren't as smart as theirs. Sometimes we can't tell which technologies pose the threat of a monopoly. We need a really smart guy to help us pick our fights. I'm taking a shot in the dark, here. I can offer you 32,000 a year, a Buick. I'm hoping you've got a feeling it's the right thing to do.	MILO	 (fiddling with the card) It's just -- I kind of feel the need to do something with my ability. Create something...	BARTON	 Like I said: shot in the dark.	BARTON	 If you see something there that rubs you the wrong way? Do the right thing.	Antitrust 
MILO	 His Snapples were in alphabetical order.	REDMOND	 (he laughs) Well, he micro-managed the company till it got too big... (he opens the door) 'Guess he needs to micro-manage something.					Antitrust 
REDMOND	 Every geek here's got a thing for Lisa. But that's about the biggest reaction she's had to anybody.	MILO	 (shy, changing the emphasis) She's a programmer?	REDMOND	 Heavy graphical background, doing design-interface for Skywire apps. (he all but winks) You'll be working with her.	MILO	 I've got a girlfriend, remember?	Antitrust 
MILO	 (shy, changing the emphasis) She's a programmer?	REDMOND	 Heavy graphical background, doing design-interface for Skywire apps. (he all but winks) You'll be working with her.	MILO	 I've got a girlfriend, remember?	REDMOND	 Right. That's rare around here. You know how nuns' re-married to Jesus? 'Posties are married to Outpost.	Antitrust 
REDMOND	 Here's your world. (pointing at the desk) Copy of Gary's book, also the audio version, narrated by Gary. (Gary by a highway on its cover). As we look at it:	VOICE (SHROT)	 The card's encoded. Tells us who came through the door and when.					Antitrust 
MILO	 Tailgater?	SHROT	 (kills the alarm) Somebody coming in on your swipe. (gives Milo a photo	ID)	 You see somebody wandering around without ID, it's your duty to challenge him. I don't give a shit if you're a stock-option billionaire. If you don't challenge, I'll have your butt.			Antitrust 
REDMOND	 I phoned her at your hotel, told her about our corporate housing options. She sounds neat.	MILO	 ...She is. (turning away from Lisa) She is!	REDMOND	 'Might be some friction on the domestic front. You're expected you to put in ridiculous hours. People've accused us of breaking up relationships to get their undivided attention.			Antitrust 
REDMOND	 'Might be some friction on the domestic front. You're expected you to put in ridiculous hours. People've accused us of breaking up relationships to get their undivided attention. INT. BLDG. 20 HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS (making sure no one's looking) before ducking into	MILO'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS						Antitrust 
MILO	 Could work with a new switch. There may be a few more things hidden.	GARY	 Don't spend too much time searching. You ever vetted somebody's old code before? (when Milo shakes his head) It's a different skill. Stay close to the surface. The best-hidden secrets are in plain sight. You know the best place to hide a leaf, right? (when Milo shakes his head) In a tree.					Antitrust 
ALICE	 Milo! What about --?	MILO	 Oh, It's great. It's great! (they start to kiss, but:) 'Think I should tell him I learned everything using 1.0? Maybe I could show him one of my early programs.	MONTAGE W/ MUSIC				Antitrust 
DOJ AGENT	 "Infotek's urgent need to license Outpost Office is such that we can use it as a tool in the current negotiation." (looks up) When you wrote the word "tool," what'd you mean by it?	GARY	 I don't remember.	DOJ AGENT	 What d'you think you meant by it?			Antitrust 
OTHER AGENT	 Since you didn't have an answer to that question, Mr. Boyd --	GARY	 ("confused" again) Didn't I? Have an answer? "I don't remember."	DOJ AGENT	 Did you wanna take a break, Mr. Boyd?			Antitrust 
MILO	 Maybe I'm going too fast.	GARY	 (sharply; incredulous) Too fast? At least four companies're on the verge of workable convergence systems, Milo, they --	GARY	 Even when I had a hand in every aspect of the company I knew the one thing you can never control is somebody's creative process.	MILO	 It's okay. Really.	Antitrust 
MILO	 It's okay. Really.	GARY	 (reaching into his pocket) Take a look at this. Slightly different approach.	MILO	 You did this -- overnight?	GARY	 You're making me young again.	Antitrust 
LISA	 You're famous around here.	MILO	 (winces) I'm getting a teacher's pet rep.	LISA	 I wouldn't worry about it. You've gotta figure most people around here were their teachers' pets.	MILO	 ...Were you?	Antitrust 
MILO	 You really wrote this just today?	GARY	 (dark, unsmiling) What're you implying.	MILO	 (taken aback) Nothing!	GARY	 Everything I do is under scrutiny. The questions they ask, trying to make anything strategic look sordid. (knits his brow) I'm confused. Doesn't everybody in business try to get ahead?	Antitrust 
GARY	 (dark, unsmiling) What're you implying.	MILO	 (taken aback) Nothing!	GARY	 Everything I do is under scrutiny. The questions they ask, trying to make anything strategic look sordid. (knits his brow) I'm confused. Doesn't everybody in business try to get ahead?	MILO	 (uncomfortable) I'm sure.	Antitrust 
MILO	 (taken aback) Nothing!	GARY	 Everything I do is under scrutiny. The questions they ask, trying to make anything strategic look sordid. (knits his brow) I'm confused. Doesn't everybody in business try to get ahead?	MILO	 (uncomfortable) I'm sure.	GARY	 The purpose of this company isn't to destroy our competitors any more than the purpose of living is to breath. But the software business is binary: you're a zero or a one. Being obsessive isn't a crime. It's a character trait.	Antitrust 
GARY	 Everything I do is under scrutiny. The questions they ask, trying to make anything strategic look sordid. (knits his brow) I'm confused. Doesn't everybody in business try to get ahead?	MILO	 (uncomfortable) I'm sure.	GARY	 The purpose of this company isn't to destroy our competitors any more than the purpose of living is to breath. But the software business is binary: you're a zero or a one. Being obsessive isn't a crime. It's a character trait.	GARY	 It scales, don't you think?	Antitrust 
ALICE	 This feels fairly grown up, I'd say.	MILO	 To our new life. (she's looking at him) ...What's wrong?	ALICE	 That's what I need to ask you. (when he says nothing) You know you can't keep anything from me.	MILO	 He gave me some new code-fixes this morning. I said, "Did you really do this just today?" Cause I was impressed. He said "What're you implying?"	Antitrust 
MILO	 To our new life. (she's looking at him) ...What's wrong?	ALICE	 That's what I need to ask you. (when he says nothing) You know you can't keep anything from me.	MILO	 He gave me some new code-fixes this morning. I said, "Did you really do this just today?" Cause I was impressed. He said "What're you implying?"	MILO	 It's the way he said it. Just the way my dad did, when he was caught in a lie. That's how you knew you were onto something ugly.	Antitrust 
MILO	 It's the way he said it. Just the way my dad did, when he was caught in a lie. That's how you knew you were onto something ugly.	ALICE	 (just confused) What would it mean, anyway? If he didn't write it?	MILO	 That's what I'm asking myself. Does he have some genius stowed away? Why not let him write Skywire. (upset) 'Not saying it makes sense.	ALICE	 Milo!	Antitrust 
ALICE	 (just confused) What would it mean, anyway? If he didn't write it?	MILO	 That's what I'm asking myself. Does he have some genius stowed away? Why not let him write Skywire. (upset) 'Not saying it makes sense.	ALICE	 Milo!	MILO	 I'm so stupid.	Antitrust 
ALICE	 He's your boss. He's not your --	MILO	 (he's nodding) I know, I know.	ALICE	 If you can't deal with him on that basis, you better get a new counselor.	MILO	 (the very idea hurts) Isn't that -- extreme?	Antitrust 
ALICE	 If you can't deal with him on that basis, you better get a new counselor.	MILO	 (the very idea hurts) Isn't that -- extreme?	ALICE	 What's extreme is what that ER doctor said when he pumped your stomach. Eat another sesame seed and that's it.	ALICE	 I mean, if one little comment from Gary is gonna upset you this much --	Antitrust 
LISA	 They just pushed up the schedule on Skywire apps. How fast are you going?	MILO	 "There is no second place." Plus every time I get jammed-up, Gary has an inspiration. (looks at her, curious) Is it like that with your counselor?	LISA	 Mine's not the CEO. He barely remembers to take a shower.	MILO	 Right, right. But does he ever just, like, hand you code?	Antitrust 
LISA	 Maybe once. I re-wrote it, anyway.	MILO	 (he smiles) You're compulsive.	LISA	 Mmm-more like -- I have a little trouble. Trusting people.	MILO	 Why's that?	Antitrust 
MILO	 So, when you were talking about wishing people were more like computers. Was that then? Or now?	LISA	 Then and now. (when he looks at her) But not right now.	VOICE	 Milo!	BRIAN	 Just dropped off a resume. Almost got in the front door.	Antitrust 
MILO	 You're living here?	BRIAN	 'Thought if I relocated it could help my case. I'm writing programs for the local public access station. Where any whack-job with 100 bucks gets his own show? God, does it suck. (gives him a business card) Can you help me?	MILO	 Sure, I'll see what I can do.	BRIAN	 Well I parked illegally. See y'later?	Antitrust 
BRIAN	 Well I parked illegally. See y'later?	MILO	 (watching Brian go) 'Forgot to introduce you. (a beat) I have a girlfriend.	LISA	 That's great. I -- didn't know.	MILO	 She saved my life.	Antitrust 
MILO	 Jesus, Teddy.	TEDDY	 I'm cool. They didn't touch the machine. Or my disks. Probably didn't know what they were. So, you a Moonie yet? (he waits) Milo?	MILO	 I met this girl.	TEDDY	 What? Come on. Is it serious?	Antitrust 
MILO	 I know you lost all his work. Maybe I could come down here and --	LARRY	 You are naive. Look at your employment contract: you can't work anywhere else in this field for at least few years. (he smiles sadly) Not that I don't miss you.	MILO	 Just thought his work should go on.	LARRY	 He was on the verge of something, too. He was gonna show us the next day. He said "The answer's not in the box, it's in the band." Know what it means?	Antitrust 
GARY	 You've been coming in early.	MILO	 It helps. Alice said it would help. To focus on something. (a little guilty) 'Don't know what I'd do without her.					Antitrust 
GARY	 Been thinking about the push mechanism in the handler. And it came over me: it's in the wrong place.	MILO	 (an uncertain smile) The wrong place?	GARY	 The answer's not in the box. It's in the band.	LISA (O.S.)	 Milo? You okay?	Antitrust 
ALICE	 They hack into people's programs?	MILO	 Nobody does work like this on-line. It's in your PC, or in a mainframe. Self-contained. They'd have to be, like, watching people. Physically. (he freezes) Oh Jesus.					Antitrust 
ALICE	 "Like this?" It's Gary you're talking about.	MILO	 (it really hurts) You think I don't know that?	ALICE	 Milo. Why would he --	MILO	 How should I know? "Solving a problem," I guess. Or needing to control everything. I don't know. (can't think about it) I've gotta get in there.	Antitrust 
ALICE	 Milo. Why would he --	MILO	 How should I know? "Solving a problem," I guess. Or needing to control everything. I don't know. (can't think about it) I've gotta get in there.	ALICE	 Even if all this were true. There're 20 other buildings. All of them filled with computers and --	MILO	 It's the only one with dishes on the roof. The studio's a front. That's why they keep postponing its opening. (muttered, obsessive) ...gotta get in there.	Antitrust 
ALICE	 Even if all this were true. There're 20 other buildings. All of them filled with computers and --	MILO	 It's the only one with dishes on the roof. The studio's a front. That's why they keep postponing its opening. (muttered, obsessive) ...gotta get in there.	ALICE	 Milo, you told me those DOJ Agents are all over the place. How could they hope to hide a surveillance post? (as he mulls this) And how can you get in there, anyway? With the cameras and the swipe cards --	MILO	 I can't just walk away!	Antitrust 
MILO	 It's the only one with dishes on the roof. The studio's a front. That's why they keep postponing its opening. (muttered, obsessive) ...gotta get in there.	ALICE	 Milo, you told me those DOJ Agents are all over the place. How could they hope to hide a surveillance post? (as he mulls this) And how can you get in there, anyway? With the cameras and the swipe cards --	MILO	 I can't just walk away!	ALICE	 You can't just walk in, either.	Antitrust 
MILO	 I know how to get in there. But you've gotta help me.	ALICE	 (scared, reluctant) ...Whaddo I do?	MILO	 So you believe me?	ALICE	 Just tell me what to do.	Antitrust 
MILO	 Come on.	GUARD	 Sir, you gotta use your own -- (noticing) Where's your ID?	MILO	 Do you know who I am?	GUARD	 It's my job, I gotta --	Antitrust 
GUARD	 It's my job, I gotta --	MILO	 (he's getting better) The kind of stock options I'm sitting on?					Antitrust 
RANDY	 There's nothing in this hall. Someone's pulling your chain, as usual.	SHROT	 (thinking aloud) Unless it's a diversion. Milo's in my office. He was tailgating, so I --	GARY	 Milo? Try to have a clue. Try to think.	RANDY	 That kid's the great white hope.	Antitrust 
DELBERT	 How's it goin'?	GUARD	 (shaking out his cup) Big night. Switched from tea to coffee. Brought new meaning to my work.	DELBERT	 Yeah? Maybe I'll start my rounds with #21 tonight.	GUARD	 You are a wild man.	Antitrust 
QUAD - TIGHTER - CONTINUOUS		MILO	 (muttering) ...in a tree...					Antitrust 
PHIL	 Did you download Corey? In San Jose?	RANDY	 Damn. 'Have to go back over there. (he stands, stretches) Be so much easier if we could walk in the front door.	PHIL	 You don't look anything like a three- year-old.			Antitrust 
MILO	 Yes sir. I need to talk to you.	BARTON	 Give me two seconds with Lacy here? (unlocks his door) Go on in, I won't be a moment.	BARTON (O.S.)	 I'll make the call, but I think you need to send a Fax first (etc.).			Antitrust 
BARTON	 Let me look into it, see what's being done. Frankly, it's not my area.	MILO	 (he gets up) 'Just didn't know who else to talk to.	BARTON	 (circles an arm over Milo) And Outpost? You're happy there?	MILO	 Yes sir.	Antitrust 
MILO	 (he gets up) 'Just didn't know who else to talk to.	BARTON	 (circles an arm over Milo) And Outpost? You're happy there?	MILO	 Yes sir.			Antitrust 
PHIL	 Lisa's an extremely valuable member of the Skywire team. We've got our eyes on her. You keep yours on Milo.	ALICE	 (as she hangs up) Prick.					Antitrust 
ALICE	 It's almost nine, I've been so worried! (she takes his hands) What did you see in there?	MILO	 Nothing.	ALICE	 Nothing?			Antitrust 
ALICE	 Guilt?	MILO	 (quietly) If I'd stayed down there, maybe this wouldn't've happened.	ALICE	 Poor baby. You know that's not true.	MILO	 I thought, instead of indulging all these paranoid delusions, risking my job, alienating Gary, scaring you, I should do something useful with my grief. Help them find Teddy's killers.	Antitrust 
ALICE	 I was so worried about you.	MILO	 (through their kisses) ...been such a long night.					Antitrust 
LISA	 I'm sorry, Milo... I'm sorry.	MILO	 (forcefully) I know why you're so secretive. Why you won't let anybody near you. (quieter) I know what he did to you.	LISA	 Oh yeah?	LISA	 So that's in my -- file?	Antitrust 
MILO	 They'd frame him.	LISA	 (horrified) He's out of prison?	MILO	 (he nods) They're already watching you. If they had to, they'd give him this drug that mimics an alcoholic blackout. He'd wake up not even remembering his "act of revenge."	LISA	 No.	Antitrust 
LISA	 (horrified) He's out of prison?	MILO	 (he nods) They're already watching you. If they had to, they'd give him this drug that mimics an alcoholic blackout. He'd wake up not even remembering his "act of revenge."	LISA	 No.	MILO	 Nobody's gonna hurt you.	Antitrust 
VOICE	 You're sure.	ALICE	 He said it made sense that Gary's code was like Teddy's, that that clich about great minds was true. Said it was all about his own guilt. (she shrugs) Plus, he has a tendency to get Gary mixed-up with his dad once in a while. It always passes.	PHIL	 He wasn't acting?	ALICE	 I don't think he knows how.	Antitrust 
LISA	 How do you let go of a secret without telling the wrong person.	MILO	 We don't tell anybody. (she's puzzled) We tell everybody. At once. So there's no secret left to protect. When everybody knows, they don't dare touch us.					Antitrust 
SHROT	 (into the phone) No, Tony can't fill in for you, he's not at your authorization level.	LEN	 Bob? You better look at this.					Antitrust 
LEN	 Unlikely. All 14 cameras are frozen. Do we call Randy and Phil? Tell 'em there may have been a break-in?	SHROT	 Not yet. 'Love to bust my ass cause I'm not in frigging Mensa. (walks to the window) I swear to God, it's that kid Milo, I told 'em so in the first place, but they didn't even wanna hear about it. (turns to Len) Let's run a printout on card entries.					Antitrust 
GARY	 Why did you move around so much? When you were a kid.	MILO	 ...My dad was a compulsive gambler. Only he didn't think he was. That applied to guys who didn't have a "system." "Losers," who played games of chance. He could "read" people, so chance had nothing to do with it. No matter how deep a hole he dug himself, he'd give you the whole speech. And you'd better not point out the obvious. (he shrugs) His creditors would catch up to him. Loan sharks or whatever. He'd wake us in the middle of the night. Off we'd go, again.	GARY	 What would you tell the kids? At your new school? You had to come up with a good story, right?	MILO	 No. I just went deeper into the machine. Preferred being the geek to having to explain. Lying would've been worse.	Antitrust 
GARY	 ...Worse?	MILO	 Cause he was a liar. And I hated him. (mimicking a voice) "Get your head out of that machine, wise up to the real world." The more he mocked me the deeper I went. Cause if being savvy meant being like him -- (he shrugs) Guess that's why I'm kind of clueless, even now. Didn't cultivate my conniving side. 'Not sure I even have one.	GARY	 Don't be so hard on yourself. With a brain like yours, you could connive with the best of 'em I bet.			Antitrust 
MILO	 He's buying up pretty much everything: cable companies, baby bells, picture libraries, museum rights, film archives... Getting ready for Skywire.	LISA	 (she's thinking) What about "60 Minutes."	MILO	 Yeah, they dig stuff like this. (he types, then reads) "CBS News has partnered with Outpost Information Systems in a cable news network due to launch Fall of 2001."	LISA	 But still, you can't say CBS wouldn't love to break something like --	Antitrust 
LISA	 (she's thinking) What about "60 Minutes."	MILO	 Yeah, they dig stuff like this. (he types, then reads) "CBS News has partnered with Outpost Information Systems in a cable news network due to launch Fall of 2001."	LISA	 But still, you can't say CBS wouldn't love to break something like --	MILO	 (he's shaking his head) Say there's just one "mole" working there, like Barton at the DOJ. How do we know he's not the guy we've contacted? Or she? Or the guy she works for?	Antitrust 
LISA	 But still, you can't say CBS wouldn't love to break something like --	MILO	 (he's shaking his head) Say there's just one "mole" working there, like Barton at the DOJ. How do we know he's not the guy we've contacted? Or she? Or the guy she works for?	LISA	 Time?	MILO	 (types, reads) Time-Warner has a 40 per cent stake in Gary's set-top device. That also takes out CNN. (scrolling & scrolling) "GE joins Outpost in new venture," which means NBC is out. "Disney joins Outpost," ABC is out. "Outpost and Newscorp in new deal," Fox is out. Any of these places could have a mole. Or all of 'em. (still scrolling) It's like a a continuous loop. We can go to some alternative press place that 1,000 people read, get them and us killed. But anything big enough for this is a parent of or a subsidiary to something Gary's got a finger in!	Antitrust 
LISA	 Time?	MILO	 (types, reads) Time-Warner has a 40 per cent stake in Gary's set-top device. That also takes out CNN. (scrolling & scrolling) "GE joins Outpost in new venture," which means NBC is out. "Disney joins Outpost," ABC is out. "Outpost and Newscorp in new deal," Fox is out. Any of these places could have a mole. Or all of 'em. (still scrolling) It's like a a continuous loop. We can go to some alternative press place that 1,000 people read, get them and us killed. But anything big enough for this is a parent of or a subsidiary to something Gary's got a finger in!	HOMEWORK KID	 Shhh.	MILO	 Sorry.	Antitrust 
MILO	 What?	LISA	 He's got 12 satellites up. He's got dishes on top of 21. He's building this -- (gestures at the screen) mega-network for Skywire. Let's use it.					Antitrust 
LISA	 Before they kill somebody else, too.	MILO	 (a new wrinkle) Oh, man. I'd have to get into Gary's house. To get the satellite positions.	LISA	 You mean -- break in?	MILO	 I don't know --	Antitrust 
LISA	 I'll go look. (when he looks dubious) They'll just have a few more pictures of me snooping around.	MILO	 (looks at her) Why were you so careless?	LISA	 I thought the worst they would do is fire me. Who knew they took termination so literally?	MILO	 Why were you snooping in my office?	Antitrust 
MILO	 Why were you snooping in my office?	LISA	 Oh. (she gets bashful) I liked you. I was checking you out.					Antitrust 
ALICE	 Where were you? (holding his gaze) You know you can't keep anything from me.	MILO	 Okay, yeah. I did something naughty... There's this amazing Comix store in Seattle. (is she buying it?) To tell you the truth, I did it once or twice at Stanford. 'Guess I can't keep anything from you...	ALICE	 (she smiles) I won't turn you in.			Antitrust 
MILO	 Okay, yeah. I did something naughty... There's this amazing Comix store in Seattle. (is she buying it?) To tell you the truth, I did it once or twice at Stanford. 'Guess I can't keep anything from you...	ALICE	 (she smiles) I won't turn you in.					Antitrust 
ALICE	 Milo --	MILO	 I know you think I'm too attached to him, but still. I am close to Gary. And you're the most meaningful person in my life. (he gets up) I'm going back to the Comix place, why should I be killing myself.	ALICE	 Milo, you --			Antitrust 
MILO	 This is a lifesaver. My PC crashed just before finals.	SISTER BEATRICE	 None of us knows how to use it. I'm thinking of taking a course. (she wants to look) May I?	MILO	 Sure.	SISTER BEATRICE	 Forget it.	Antitrust 
LISA	 I needed t'see it up close for a graphic. The outpost with a dish on top? I climbed up there to get it right.	SHROT	 (hands back the drawing) Next time you ask.	LEN	 'Might of found something.	LEN	 Delbert seems to enter #21 twice. Without leaving the first time.	Antitrust 
LISA	 Milo? Shrot suspects somebody broke into #21. I was in his office when he was reviewing the card readouts.	MILO	 (confused) They know I broke in. Alice helped me. (figuring it out) Shrot's not one of them. He's blundering into this on his own.	LISA	 He doesn't know about the Day Care.	MILO	 Hardly anybody does, that's the beauty part. No cameras, the DOJ doesn't bother with it, it's accessed by a tunnel they boast about. You know the best place to hide a leaf?	Antitrust 
MILO	 That's great! Thanks.	GARY	 (as he goes) 'Sorry about the late notice...	DESI	 "Sorry about the late notice?"			Antitrust 
LISA	 Same with the excerpts I'm choosing: they'll play against any of the images you described.	MILO	 Perfect. (something preys on his mind) How am I gonna get away from the party long enough to --	LISA	 You could always say you have to go the bathroom.	MILO	 That's lame, isn't it?	Antitrust 
HOUSEMAN	 Sorry, Sir, this part of the residence is restricted. PARTY ROOM - A MOMENT LATER (thus clearly the real thing; Mrs. Boyd has prevailed.) Gary notices the giant digital Mondrian.	GARY	 Alice, I'm Gary. This is my wife, Clarissa. (handshakes, etc.) Milo, this is Barry Linder, who's visiting from Hollywood.	LINDER	 I hate being the Hollywood guy. It's so limiting. Meet my friend, Ricky.			Antitrust 
GARY	 Barry's studio's gonna help fill the Skywire pipeline, thought you guys should meet.	MILO	 (his mind elsewhere) Cool.	SOCIETY WOMAN	 He's a sweetheart. He gave 10,000 PC's to the Library Association.	SOCIETY MAN	 All 10,000 of which will be signed onto his browser, no doubt.	Antitrust 
HOUSEMAN	 You'll have to use one over there.	MILO	 There's like eight women waiting in line. They take forever. (winces: painful bladder) Please?	HOUSEMAN	 Right here.			Antitrust 
GARY	 (reading the screen) "Dear Lisa. I've enjoyed working with you. I'd be lying if I didn't say I find you attractive. But in my heart I know that Alice..." (he looks up) You left my party to send E-mail?	MILO	 I couldn't do it at work cause of security or at home for -- obvious reasons.	GARY	 You could've handwritten it.			Antitrust 
HOUSEMAN	 Everything OK, Mr. Boyd?	GARY	 No problem. (when he's gone) Is there?	MILO	 Gary, I --	GARY	 You see what's hanging on the wall?	Antitrust 
ALICE	 Are you having an affair, Milo?	MILO	 No. No. I sent an E-mail to somebody, just now. To tell her how I feel about you. (looks at her) You know I'm clueless, without you. You know I --	ALICE	 (fighting tears) Just shut up?			Antitrust 
MILO	 No. No. I sent an E-mail to somebody, just now. To tell her how I feel about you. (looks at her) You know I'm clueless, without you. You know I --	ALICE	 (fighting tears) Just shut up?					Antitrust 
LEN	 Get the backslash, the colon, keys kids don't use but geeks do. (looking around, perplexed) What would Milo want in here, anyway?	SHROT	 They know. 'Just they don't trust me with it. So we'll get the evidence, first, ask questions later.					Antitrust 
LISA	 Does he know you know?	MILO	 He suspects I know something. I think he was sort of -- explaining himself to me, in case I do. (he breathes) We have to go in tonight. I'm two hours from a Beta version. (knows she won't like it) But I've gotta go home for an hour.	LISA	 Why?!	MILO	 She called to apologize. I said I was pulling an all-nighter. She said then come home just to say Hi. Which I always do when we fight, it's suspicious if I don't.	Antitrust 
MILO	 (he smiles) You look beautiful.	ALICE	 Yeah? Give me a goodbye kiss.	MILO	 ...What?			Antitrust 
MILO	 (under his breath) One more minute...	ALICE	 Here we go.	MILO	 Great.			Antitrust 
SHROT	 Come with me.	LEN	 (trying to catch up) Where we going?					Antitrust 
RANDY	 He must be out there still --	SHROT	 (calling after) Forget about it. His car's not in the lot, he's gone!					Antitrust 
RANDY	 (to Shrot & Len) Fellas, I'm gonna have to ask you to leave here now.	SHROT	 Wait a second. I'm the one who found out he was mucking around in here in the first place.	RANDY	 We're all grateful for that. Really. Go out the way you came in?			Antitrust 
MILO	 Brian here? Brian Bissel?	RENT-A-GUARD	 (picks up the phone) Who wants to see him?					Antitrust 
BRIAN	 What?!	MILO	 (to the Rent-a-Guard) Wanna be a part of history?	RENT-A-GUARD	 Not really.	MILO	 (digging in his pocket) Well -- would you like to pick up an extra -- 232 dollars?	Antitrust 
RENT-A-GUARD	 Not really.	MILO	 (digging in his pocket) Well -- would you like to pick up an extra -- 232 dollars?					Antitrust 
BRIAN	 You're interfaced with our dish.	MILO	 (to Lisa) Gimme the coordinates?	LISA	 Longitude 77 degrees, 03 minutes, 58 seconds East.	LISA	 Latitude 38 degrees, 55 minutes, 14 seconds South.	Antitrust 
LISA	 Maybe it's the satellite.	MILO	 (he thinks) Let's try #2.					Antitrust 
LISA	 They're already here. My laptop must be wired!	BRIAN	 (anxiously) Milo?	MILO	 (typing) We're there.			Antitrust 
BRIAN	 (anxiously) Milo?	MILO	 (typing) We're there.					Antitrust 
LISA	 (to Brian) You checked your connections?	BRIAN	 (to Milo) Yes! Should you reboot?	MILO	 ...He knows.	LISA	 What?	Antitrust 
BRIAN	 What?!	MILO	 He's working backwards, too. (to Lisa) Let's do number five?	LISA	 Longitude 66.			Antitrust 
GUNTHER (O.S.)	 Open the door, Milo!	BRIAN	 (to Milo) You there yet?	MILO	 (typing) One more second.	BRIAN	 Hey, hey, relax, relax!	Antitrust 
BRIAN	 (to Milo) You there yet?	MILO	 (typing) One more second.	BRIAN	 Hey, hey, relax, relax!	LISA	 Oh my God.	Antitrust 
LISA	 Oh my God.	BRIAN	 (to Gunther) Should I call Phil? Or do you?	BRIAN	 Milo? Wake up. Our regular programming will not be preempted tonight.	GUNTHER	 (staring at Milo) Wait.	Antitrust 
BRIAN	 Milo? Wake up. Our regular programming will not be preempted tonight.	GUNTHER	 (staring at Milo) Wait.	BRIAN	 ...When did you know?	MILO	 (still watching the screens) You should've called a few times to bug me about your job prospects.	Antitrust 
BRIAN	 ...When did you know?	MILO	 (still watching the screens) You should've called a few times to bug me about your job prospects.	LISA	 Milo? Who's got Skywire?			Antitrust 
FOUR TV SETS	 (eventually) established. (by Lisa) from the audio version of his own book:	GARY'S VOICE OVER	 Most of us who write software achieve our greatest work before age 30. As I grow older I know how important it is to access fertile young minds!	REVERSE ON				Antitrust 
RIMAN	 (to Gunther) You know the scenario for this.	MILO	 'Last thing you wanna do is hurt us now. (not at all sure) Right?	GUNTHER	 (to Brian) Who's seeing this?	BRIAN	 (with dread) Who isn't?	Antitrust 
MILO	 'Last thing you wanna do is hurt us now. (not at all sure) Right?	GUNTHER	 (to Brian) Who's seeing this?	BRIAN	 (with dread) Who isn't?			Antitrust 
GUNTHER	 (to Brian) Who's seeing this?	BRIAN	 (with dread) Who isn't?					Antitrust 
GARY	 I'm running the company, fighting the DOJ, raising a family. Randy and Phil obviously overreacted. To this endless, antitrust witchhunt.	LAWYER	 (get real) The government's gonna offer 'em a helluva deal to tie you into this. Whether you knew about it or not.	LAWYER 2	 Randy, Phil and whoever else knew about it.	GARY	 That won't be a problem.	Antitrust 
GARY	 You threaten TV networks, phone companies, catalog outlets, publishing houses, movie studios, travel agents, airlines, stock brokerages -- you sabotage the whole economy. Talk about undermining innovation!	LAWYER 2	 (he's writing on a legal pad) Easy to spin, old as the hills: What's good for Outpost is good for America.					Antitrust 
LARRY	 Your app kind of blew mine out of the water.	MILO	 (he shrugs) We'll come up with the next big thing.	LARRY	 ...You wanna work -- here?	MILO	 Got out of my other commitment.	Antitrust 
LARRY	 May I?	MILO	 Hey, wait! (when the Mover looks) Not giving everything away.	LARRY	 C'mon. Bring your stuff.	LARRY	 You guys'll be using Teddy's old space, is that okay?	Antitrust 
