"CARPENTER"................................CHRISTOPHER WALKEN		Z (O.S.)	 (over a dark screen) All my life, I've lived and worked in the big city...					Antz 
STAIRS!		GENERAL FORMICA	 Cut the chit-chat down there! (turning to Carpenter) We've spoiled these workers, Carpenter.  They've never had it so good, and listen to them -- always grumbling and complaining...	CARPENTER	 ...Yes, sir.	GENERAL FORMICA	 What have they got to complain about? Three square meals a day...	Antz 
FORMICA	 Please don't worry, your majesty. Leave the worrying to me.  As you know, I'm not an ant of half- measures.  I don't pussyfoot around. This crisis is my number one priority, and I promise you it's being dealt with swiftly, and decisively.	QUEEN	 (to baby) No snacking between meals!  Off you go! (to Formica) Now -- what were we saying?	FORMICA	 (Oliver North-style) I do not recollect, your majesty. Will that be all?	QUEEN	 Yes, General Formica.  Carry on, my good man!  I don't know what we would do without you.	Antz 
QUEEN	 (to baby) No snacking between meals!  Off you go! (to Formica) Now -- what were we saying?	FORMICA	 (Oliver North-style) I do not recollect, your majesty. Will that be all?	QUEEN	 Yes, General Formica.  Carry on, my good man!  I don't know what we would do without you.	BALA (O.S.)	 General Formica!	Antz 
BALA (O.S.)	 General Formica!	CARPENTER	 (sotto) Princess Bala, sir.  Your fiancee.	FORMICA	 Princess!  You look -- outstanding. Is there anything I can do for you?	BALA	 Well -- I thought -- since we're getting married...it might be nice if we...got to know one another.	Antz 
BALA	 It's just that -- well, I'm honored that you selected me, and everything, I just thought the marriage might go a little more smoothly if -- we had a conversation?	FORMICA	 (uncomfortable) Conversation...yes...well... (to Carpenter) Wasn't she briefed?	QUEEN	 (holding up a baby) Look, General!  A darling baby soldier! (emotionally, to baby) Don't try to be a hero!  Just make sure you come back in one piece! (handing it off) Next!	FORMICA	 (using the interruption) I'll take your suggestion under advisement, Princess.  In the meanwhile --	Antz 
FORMICA	 (uncomfortable) Conversation...yes...well... (to Carpenter) Wasn't she briefed?	QUEEN	 (holding up a baby) Look, General!  A darling baby soldier! (emotionally, to baby) Don't try to be a hero!  Just make sure you come back in one piece! (handing it off) Next!	FORMICA	 (using the interruption) I'll take your suggestion under advisement, Princess.  In the meanwhile --	BALA	 General -- we have to talk sometime!	Antz 
QUEEN	 (holding up a baby) Look, General!  A darling baby soldier! (emotionally, to baby) Don't try to be a hero!  Just make sure you come back in one piece! (handing it off) Next!	FORMICA	 (using the interruption) I'll take your suggestion under advisement, Princess.  In the meanwhile --	BALA	 General -- we have to talk sometime!	FORMICA	 Very well.  Carpenter, is there a convenient time to talk vis-a-vis: relationship?	Antz 
BALA	 So, um...how was your day?  What did you do?	FORMICA	 (scouring his mind) Well... (that's it!) I declared war!	BALA	 (sadly) Oh...and I was afraid we had nothing in common...	CARPENTER	 (under his breath) Fourteen-fifty hours, sir.	Antz 
FORMICA	 (scouring his mind) Well... (that's it!) I declared war!	BALA	 (sadly) Oh...and I was afraid we had nothing in common...	CARPENTER	 (under his breath) Fourteen-fifty hours, sir.	FORMICA	 Duty calls!	Antz 
BALA	 (sadly) Oh...and I was afraid we had nothing in common...	CARPENTER	 (under his breath) Fourteen-fifty hours, sir.	FORMICA	 Duty calls!	FORMICA	 No squeak.  Outstanding!	Antz 
FORMICA	 No squeak.  Outstanding!	QUEEN	 (sympathetically) I felt the same way before I got married.  Confused.  Scared.	BALA	 (hopefully) You did?	QUEEN	 Yes -- but I did my duty and sorted out all those messy feelings.  The wonderful thing about ant life is that everything is arranged.  Even marriage.  You're lucky -- General Formica is a paragon of anthood.	Antz 
QUEEN	 (sympathetically) I felt the same way before I got married.  Confused.  Scared.	BALA	 (hopefully) You did?	QUEEN	 Yes -- but I did my duty and sorted out all those messy feelings.  The wonderful thing about ant life is that everything is arranged.  Even marriage.  You're lucky -- General Formica is a paragon of anthood.	BALA	 (unconvinced) Yes...he's wonderful...	Antz 
QUEEN	 Yes -- but I did my duty and sorted out all those messy feelings.  The wonderful thing about ant life is that everything is arranged.  Even marriage.  You're lucky -- General Formica is a paragon of anthood.	BALA	 (unconvinced) Yes...he's wonderful...					Antz 
HANDMAIDEN #1	 Princess?  What's wrong?	BALA	 Wrong?  How could anything be wrong? I'm going to marry General Formica and be a queen and have millions of babies, just like my mom. (concerned) Do I look fat to you?	HANDMAIDEN #2	 (knowingly, to Handmaiden #2) Pre-wedding jitters.	HANDMAIDEN #1	 You just need to blow off some steam. Let's go to the bar at the Royal Club!	Antz 
BALA	 Wrong?  How could anything be wrong? I'm going to marry General Formica and be a queen and have millions of babies, just like my mom. (concerned) Do I look fat to you?	HANDMAIDEN #2	 (knowingly, to Handmaiden #2) Pre-wedding jitters.	HANDMAIDEN #1	 You just need to blow off some steam. Let's go to the bar at the Royal Club!	BALA	 The Club's so stuffy.  I want to try someplace different.	Antz 
BALA	 The Club's so stuffy.  I want to try someplace different.	HANDMAIDEN #2	 There isn't anyplace else -- (making a joke) Except the worker bar.	BALA	 The worker bar!  Yes!  That's where I want to go!	HANDMAIDEN #1	 But -- we can't -- there'll be workers there.	Antz 
WEAVER	 (shrugs) I'll be back.	APHIDS	 (as they're slapped on bar) Ouch!  Ouch!	BARTENDER	 Two aphid beers. Z (as Bartender leaves) Did you see that?  How he gave you the beers, not me?  I'm telling you, he's got something against workers.			Antz 
BARTENDER	 Two aphid beers. Z (as Bartender leaves) Did you see that?  How he gave you the beers, not me?  I'm telling you, he's got something against workers.	WEAVER	 I don't know what you're talking about, Z. Z Come on -- everybody dumps on us workers.  You soldiers get all the glory.  Plus you get to go out into the world, meet interesting insects, and kill them.					Antz 
WEAVER	 And all the time I've known you, you've been grumping and groaning. You should quit making waves.  Go with the flow. Z Weaver, I'm an insect, not a liquid.	DRUNK SCOUT	 Have you been to Insectopia?  Have you?  No, ya goddam larvas!  But I have... (becoming emotional) ...Mosquitos n' caterpillars n' beetles -- all livin' in peace, stuffin their guts with food...No rules, no regulations...you can be your own ant there... (howling drunkenly) It's Insectopia!  Insectopia! Z Hey, Weaver, listen!	DRUNK SCOUT	 I was cut off from my unit -- found it by mistake -- (slurring) It changed my life! (spraying another soldier with saliva) You see -- ya follow the great yellow egg, and you come to the land of red and white --			Antz 
SOLDIERS	 You've had enough for one night! Come on, Gramps, before you get in trouble. Z (excited) Hey, did you hear what he said?!	WEAVER	 Poor guy's had one too many scouting missions.					Antz 
BALA	 I'm just a common worker, cooling off after a rough day!	BARKER	 (on loudspeaker) Okay, folks.  It's six-fifteen, and that means it's time to dance.	WEAVER	 (draining his beer) Time to cut a rug, Z! Z I'm not in the mood. (disgusted) Even when they're off work, they follow orders.			Antz 
BARKER	 (on loudspeaker) Okay, folks.  It's six-fifteen, and that means it's time to dance.	WEAVER	 (draining his beer) Time to cut a rug, Z! Z I'm not in the mood. (disgusted) Even when they're off work, they follow orders.	WEAVER	 Well, you just sit here and be a party-pooper.			Antz 
WEAVER	 Well, you just sit here and be a party-pooper.	BARKER	 (southern twang) And a left-right-quarterstep-back step-halfstep -- a left-right- quarterstep-backstep-halfstep -- a left-right-quarterstep-backstep halfstep --	BALA	 I'm going to ask one of these mindless, primitive worker-types to dance with me!	HANDMAIDEN #1	 But General Formica would be furious!	Antz 
HANDMAIDEN #1	 But General Formica would be furious!	BALA	 (enjoying the idea) I know. Z What a bunch of losers.  Mindless zombies capitulating to an oppressive system --	BALA	 Wanna dance? Z Me?!  Yes!!!  I mean -- (regaining suavosity) Just let me finish my beer. Z So uh -- how come I haven't seen you around here before?			Antz 
HANDMAIDEN #2	 The police are coming!	BALA	 Uh oh. (to Z) Goodbye!  Gotta run! Z Wait!  When can I see you again?	BALA	 Let me think.  Hmmnn... (thinks) Never.  Bye! Z Wait!  Princess!  Wait!			Antz 
FORMICA	 (reflective moment) Dammit, I'm proud to be an ant. (he looks out at his army) And I know each and every one of you boys will do your duty.  Dismissed. Z (clapping) Bravo!  Bring on the Princess!	COLONEL	 Stow the gab there, soldier!  Let's move 'em out!	COLONEL	 Eyes...left! Z (waving) Princess!  Princess Bala!  Hey!  It's me!  Z!  I've got your scarf!			Antz 
COLONEL	 Eyes...left! Z (waving) Princess!  Princess Bala!  Hey!  It's me!  Z!  I've got your scarf! ON THE REVIEWING STAND, Bala sees Z -- that is to say, she sees one of the thousands upon thousands of ants marching by...	BALA	 (peering out) Who is that idiot?	QUEEN	 Darling, you must encourage the troops -- wave! Z (excited) Excuse me, guys -- That's my date. Well, it's been fun.  Have a great war! Z Hey!  Wait!			Antz 
QUEEN	 Darling, you must encourage the troops -- wave! Z (excited) Excuse me, guys -- That's my date. Well, it's been fun.  Have a great war! Z Hey!  Wait!	BARBATUS	 You new, kid? Z I just joined up.  But I'm quitting! I got a trial membership!					Antz 
BARBATUS	 No -- we're going to attack the termites! Z (alarmed) Attack?  But -- I hate attacking! It's so hostile!	ANT SOLDIERS	 (to the tune of "When Johnny Comes Marching Home") We ants go marching one by one, hurrah, hurrah!  We slaughter termites just for fun, Hurrah! Hurrah! Z So -- these termites, they're little, shy, retiring insects?	BARBATUS	 (grim smile) No such luck.  Those dirty terms are five times bigger than us, and they shoot acid from their foreheads!			Antz 
ANT SOLDIERS	 (to the tune of "When Johnny Comes Marching Home") We ants go marching one by one, hurrah, hurrah!  We slaughter termites just for fun, Hurrah! Hurrah! Z So -- these termites, they're little, shy, retiring insects?	BARBATUS	 (grim smile) No such luck.  Those dirty terms are five times bigger than us, and they shoot acid from their foreheads!	SOLDIER ANTS	 We ants go marching two by two, hurrah!  Hurrah!  We'll all be dead before we're through, hurrah!  Hurrah! Z Well, what exactly does our platoon do?  Serve beverages?  Process paperwork?			Antz 
BARBATUS	 Don't be scared, kid.  Barbatus's got yer back. Z (petrified) Maybe they went out for the evening. Let's leave them a message and head home.	COLONEL	 (ignoring him) Light it up!	COLONEL	 They're here!!!	BARBATUS	 (to Z) Keep your head down! Z (looking around) Guys!  Guys!  It isn't too late for all of us to just talk this over! Z Wait!  Please!  Acid makes me come out in spots!  -- Could I just say I have always had the greatest respect for your species?  I mean, eating wood -- why didn't I think of that?	Antz 
COLONEL	 They're here!!!	BARBATUS	 (to Z) Keep your head down! Z (looking around) Guys!  Guys!  It isn't too late for all of us to just talk this over! Z Wait!  Please!  Acid makes me come out in spots!  -- Could I just say I have always had the greatest respect for your species?  I mean, eating wood -- why didn't I think of that?					Antz 
BARBATUS	 (to Z) Keep your head down! Z (looking around) Guys!  Guys!  It isn't too late for all of us to just talk this over! Z Wait!  Please!  Acid makes me come out in spots!  -- Could I just say I have always had the greatest respect for your species?  I mean, eating wood -- why didn't I think of that?	I --	 Z BARBATUS!  You -- you saved my life!					Antz 
VICTORY!!!	 Z (facetious) This is terrific!   Let's exact crippling war reparations!  Let's set up a puppet government!	ANT OFFICER	 Let's slaughter them all!	ANT OFFICER				Antz 
AZTECA	 Hey, slow it down, big boy.  You're making the rest of us look bad...How come I haven't seen you around here before?	WEAVER	 (covering) I'm new...I was born yesterday.	AZTECA	 Tell me about it.	WEAVER	 Nobody told me digging was so much fun!  You pick up the dirt, you move it, you pick it up again, you move it again -- lots of repetitions, you exercise the forceps, and the pincers --	Antz 
WEAVER	 Nobody told me digging was so much fun!  You pick up the dirt, you move it, you pick it up again, you move it again -- lots of repetitions, you exercise the forceps, and the pincers --	AZTECA	 (ogling him) Mmm, yes, I see what you mean...	FOREMAN	 What's the holdup here?!	WEAVER	 Sorry, sir -- I was just having a little chat with my friend --	Antz 
WEAVER	 Sorry, sir -- I was just having a little chat with my friend --	FOREMAN	 (yelling at Weaver) Who said you could have a chat? You're not a chatter, you're a digger!  So shut up and dig!	AZTECA	 Leave him alone!  He's new.	FOREMAN	 You  too?  Well just for that, you lose your day's rations!  Now get back to work!	Antz 
FOREMAN	 You  too?  Well just for that, you lose your day's rations!  Now get back to work!	AZTECA	 (surprised at herself) I don't know what came over me, talking back like that.  I must be going crazy...	WEAVER	 Sorry I got you in trouble.  But listen, you can share my rations.	AZTECA	 (flirting) Are you asking me out to dinner?	Antz 
WEAVER	 Sorry I got you in trouble.  But listen, you can share my rations.	AZTECA	 (flirting) Are you asking me out to dinner?	WEAVER	 (blushing) No -- I mean yes -- I mean -- if you don't have other plans.	AZTECA	 I'll make myself available...Listen, better watch out with the backtalk.  I don't know want you to end up like the guy who used to work next to me.  I'm afraid he got... downsized.	Antz 
AZTECA	 (flirting) Are you asking me out to dinner?	WEAVER	 (blushing) No -- I mean yes -- I mean -- if you don't have other plans.	AZTECA	 I'll make myself available...Listen, better watch out with the backtalk.  I don't know want you to end up like the guy who used to work next to me.  I'm afraid he got... downsized.			Antz 
EXCITED ANTS	 The army's returned!  Our brave boys are back! (etc.)	AZTECA	 It looks like only one soldier made it back!	WEAVER	 (to himself) Poor Z -- I should never have let you go! Z It was horrible...a massacre, a massacre upon a massacre.  First we massacred them, then they massacred us, then it was halftime.  I've never seen such violence, such bloodthirstiness, such bad manners...I'm the only one that made it!			Antz 
AZTECA	 It looks like only one soldier made it back!	WEAVER	 (to himself) Poor Z -- I should never have let you go! Z It was horrible...a massacre, a massacre upon a massacre.  First we massacred them, then they massacred us, then it was halftime.  I've never seen such violence, such bloodthirstiness, such bad manners...I'm the only one that made it!	FORMICA				Antz 
FORMICA	 Of course.  The entire royal family will be there to honor you. Z (thinks)	ONE TO NOTHING!		AZTECA	 Wait a minute, that's no soldier -- that's Z!			Antz 
FORMICA	 I tell you son, sometimes, at night, I see myself in battle, fighting a horrible, faceless enemy, with the future of our whole species at stake. And always, the dream ends with each of us plunging his sword into the other's heart... Z (spooked) Oh, hey, that's great, I think I see an old war buddy over there, it's been fun chatting.  Good luck with the hallucinations.	OFFICER	 (telling a joke) What do you call it when 10,000 workers are killed in a tunnel cave- in? (a beat) Who cares?  They're workers! Z But...don't you think the worker class is the very foundation of the colony -- (realizes he's getting odd looks) I mean, uh, without them, who would we stand on?	BALA	 You're the hero of the recent termite campaign, aren't you? Z Well, if single-handedly vanquishing the enemy and slaughtering a whole nestful of termites makes someone a hero, yes I am. Z (feigning nonchalance) And you are...?			Antz 
OFFICER	 (telling a joke) What do you call it when 10,000 workers are killed in a tunnel cave- in? (a beat) Who cares?  They're workers! Z But...don't you think the worker class is the very foundation of the colony -- (realizes he's getting odd looks) I mean, uh, without them, who would we stand on?	BALA	 You're the hero of the recent termite campaign, aren't you? Z Well, if single-handedly vanquishing the enemy and slaughtering a whole nestful of termites makes someone a hero, yes I am. Z (feigning nonchalance) And you are...?					Antz 
QUEEN	 All these parties are so marvellously alike.	FORMICA	 They should be... (suspicious) But there's something funny about that soldier.	FORMICA	 (glowering) May I cut in? Z (intimidated) Oh, of course --			Antz 
FORMICA	 (glowering) May I cut in? Z (intimidated) Oh, of course --	BALA	 (pulling Z back) No, General.  I'm dancing with the war hero. Z (trying to placate Formica) Uh, sorry, General, I...I've always had this animal magnetism, it --	BALA	 You dance... Z Divinely?			Antz 
I CAN'T DANCE WITH A WORKER!	 Z (offended) That's not what you said the other night --	BALA	 (now she's panicked) Quiet -- sshhh!! Z (digging it in) -- At the worker bar!  You were pretty hot to trot then!	BALA				Antz 
SSHH!!!  SSHH!!!		FORMICA	 (furious) What's this?  A worker has been masquerading as a war hero?! Z Well it wasn't a masquerade, really, it was more what I'd call a clever ruse --	FORMICA				Antz 
PRINCESS	 This is thoroughly unacceptable! Z You're telling me...	BALA	 I'm coming!  I'm coming! (a seven year old kid) holding it.	BALA	 I'm going!  I'm going'			Antz 
AZTECA	 That's right!  He slaughtered hundreds of termites single-handedly!	WORKER #2	 I heard about this guy. (turning to the other workers) He crashed a party at the palace. Then he took a hike with one of the royal babes!  And when they tried to stop him, he just looked at a couple'a guards, and they burst into flames!	WORKER ANT #1	 You're nuts, how could a worker do all that?	WEAVER	 Well, because he's more than a worker...he's a...what did he call it, Azteca...	Antz 
WEAVER	 Well, it's...someone with his own point of view...someone who does what he wants, not whatever he's told to do!	AZTECA	 (eyes lit up, watching Weaver) Someone who follows his heart!	WEAVER	 (taking Azteca's hand) Right...because every ant's important!	WORKER #2	 (scoffs) But that would mean I'm important.	Antz 
AZTECA	 (eyes lit up, watching Weaver) Someone who follows his heart!	WEAVER	 (taking Azteca's hand) Right...because every ant's important!	WORKER #2	 (scoffs) But that would mean I'm important.	WORKER #1	 I'm outta here, this sounds like trouble to me.	Antz 
WEAVER	 (taking Azteca's hand) Right...because every ant's important!	WORKER #2	 (scoffs) But that would mean I'm important.	WORKER #1	 I'm outta here, this sounds like trouble to me.	WEAVER	 We can all be individuals!  Just like	Antz 
Z!  Z!  Z!  Z!		FOREMAN	 (yelling at him) Where do ya think you're going?  Get back to work!	WORKER #1	 Buzz off, I'm important! (joining the others)	Z!  Z!  Z!  Z!		Antz 
FOREMAN	 (yelling at him) Where do ya think you're going?  Get back to work!	WORKER #1	 Buzz off, I'm important! (joining the others)	Z!  Z!  Z!  Z!		FORMICA	 Notice the big one, holding hands with the female?	Antz 
CARPENTER	 Well, uh, who notices workers, sir?	FORMICA	 (calculating) No one should have to.  Have him brought to me.					Antz 
WEAVER	 Yeah...I mean...well...I don't know, really, sir.	FORMICA	 (patronizing) Well now you haven't fallen for this silly idea of individuality, have you?	WEAVER	 Oh, no, sir!	FORMICA	 Good.  You're a good soldier.	Antz 
FORMICA	 We know what makes an ant colony strong, don't we?  We know that no ant can be an individual.  No single ant matters, right?	WEAVER	 (enthusiastically) That's correct, sir!	FORMICA	 (points at a guard) Not that one. (another guard) Or that one.	WEAVER	 No, sir!	Antz 
WEAVER	 (enthusiastically) That's correct, sir!	FORMICA	 (points at a guard) Not that one. (another guard) Or that one.	WEAVER	 No, sir!	FORMICA	 (calmly, with satisfaction) Or that one?  Her life doesn't matter, does it?	Antz 
WEAVER	 No, sir!	FORMICA	 (calmly, with satisfaction) Or that one?  Her life doesn't matter, does it?	AZTECA	 Don't tell that tightass anything, Weaver!	WEAVER	 Wait!  Just let her go!  Z's long gone anyway, following some golden egg to Insectopia!  You'll never catch him!	Antz 
WEAVER	 Wait!  Just let her go!  Z's long gone anyway, following some golden egg to Insectopia!  You'll never catch him!	FORMICA	 Insectopia, hunh?...See why individuality is so dangerous?  It can always be used against you. (to the guards) If this sissy here wants to dig, he'll dig.  Send them both back to the tunnel project.  Double their workload.	FORMICA	 What do we have on this "Insectopia"?	CARPENTER	 Scattered reports, sir.  Rumors. Nothing reliable.	Antz 
FORMICA	 Desperate times call for desperate measures.  Get me Ant Team Six.	CARPENTER	 (frightened) Ant Team Six...					Antz 
BALA	 (amazed) You were right...you were right! (smiling happily) Z, it's beautiful! Z Let's dig in! Z There's - there's some kind of force field!	MALE WASP (O.S.)	 (lockjawed accent) Muffy, look, party-crashers.	FEMALE WASP (O.S.)	 (laughing) They're simply too much, Chip!	MALE WASP	 (to Z and Bala) You down there, haven't you ever been to a picnic? Z Hunh?	Antz 
MALE WASP (O.S.)	 (lockjawed accent) Muffy, look, party-crashers.	FEMALE WASP (O.S.)	 (laughing) They're simply too much, Chip!	MALE WASP	 (to Z and Bala) You down there, haven't you ever been to a picnic? Z Hunh?			Antz 
FEMALE WASP (O.S.)	 (laughing) They're simply too much, Chip!	MALE WASP	 (to Z and Bala) You down there, haven't you ever been to a picnic? Z Hunh?	FEMALE WASP	 Habla Ingles? (to Male Wasp) Well I really don't know who they are. Z We're ants!			Antz 
MALE WASP	 (to Z and Bala) You down there, haven't you ever been to a picnic? Z Hunh?	FEMALE WASP	 Habla Ingles? (to Male Wasp) Well I really don't know who they are. Z We're ants!	MALE WASP	 Poopsie, we know some ants, don't we? (to Z) Are you related to the Fifth Avenue ants?			Antz 
FEMALE WASP	 Habla Ingles? (to Male Wasp) Well I really don't know who they are. Z We're ants!	MALE WASP	 Poopsie, we know some ants, don't we? (to Z) Are you related to the Fifth Avenue ants?	FEMALE WASP	 Darling, do you have to talk to any insect from off the street?	MALE WASP	 Just being friendly, Poopsie.	Antz 
MALE WASP	 Just being friendly, Poopsie.	BALA	 Hello?  I'm not just "any insect". My mother is the Queen. (momentously) I'm Princess Bala!	MALE WASP	 (under his breath) They're Eurotrash, dear.	MALE WASP	 Lunch! (to Z) A little piece of advice, sport -- bob and weave!  Bob and weave!	Antz 
BALA	 Hello?  I'm not just "any insect". My mother is the Queen. (momentously) I'm Princess Bala!	MALE WASP	 (under his breath) They're Eurotrash, dear.	MALE WASP	 Lunch! (to Z) A little piece of advice, sport -- bob and weave!  Bob and weave!	BALA	 What do you mean?	Antz 
MALE WASP	 Well -- like my father used to say -- there's no such thing as a free meal!	THE WASPS	 Excuse me -- I'll have some potato salad -- thank-you! -- don't mind if I do!  After you! (etc.) Z I sort of imagined Insectopia a little differently --	BALA	 Oh...my...God.			Antz 
BALA	 Oh...my...God.	MALE WASP	 (shaking her) Muffy!  Muffy!  Wake up!	MALE WASP	 (heartbroken)	WHYYYYYYYYYYYYY????	 Z Bala, look out!!	Antz 
MANDIBLE	 Let's get a read on that feremone track.	COMMANDO ANT #1	 (to the others) Get the sniffer!	TRACKER ANT	 Bala...find Bala...	TRACKER ANT	 (as he's swivelled) Nnononononononoyeahyeahnononononono no...	Antz 
MANDIBLE	 Z -- you dirt-digging, fancy-dancing, wisecracking, royalty-grabbing, rebel	SCUM!	 (yelling into the distance)	I AM COMING FOR YOU!  YOU ARE ONE		DEAD ANT, MISTER!		Antz 
BALA	 Come on, Z. Z Forget it.  You go ahead, I give up. I...I don't know what I was thinking. "Insectopia". Z (defeated) There's only one thing worse than an ant who goes around mindlessly following orders, and that's an ant who's too dumb to go around mindlessly following orders.	FLY	 What's with the bummer attitude?	BUTTERFLY	 Yeah -- nobody stresses out in Insectopia!			Antz 
BALA	 (happily) Z, we made it!	FLY	 (alighting on the grapefruit) C'mon in!  The nectar's fine! Z Yippeeeeee! Z (terrified)					Antz 
FLY	 (alighting on the grapefruit) C'mon in!  The nectar's fine! Z Yippeeeeee! Z (terrified)	AAAAAGH!!!		FLY	 (to Z) Hey, take it easy!  There's nothin' to be afraid of! Z Yeah, well, I make it a practice not to trust anyone who shoots acid out of their forehead.			Antz 
AAAAAGH!!!		FLY	 (to Z) Hey, take it easy!  There's nothin' to be afraid of! Z Yeah, well, I make it a practice not to trust anyone who shoots acid out of their forehead.	CRICKET	 Dude, here in Insectopia, we don't judge people by how many arms and legs we've got.			Antz 
CRICKET	 Dude, here in Insectopia, we don't judge people by how many arms and legs we've got.	FLY	 Yeah, back home, they called me a fruitfly.  But here, I'm known as... (with attitude) Superfly.	CRICKET	 Anyway, big Gus is mellow. Z (taking his hand, disgusted) Charmed.			Antz 
BALA	 You held onto this all that time? Z Well, I...I know it's a little strange, but...I thought it might come in handy if I...needed a scarf someday. (embarrassed) Well, to be honest, I just liked having it.	BEETLE	 Hey Z!	BEETLE	 Wanna bring back dessert?  There's a thirty foot long blimp in the next can, made completely of chocolate! Z (annoyed) Sure.  I wasn't busy or anything. Z Great timing, guys.  Ever wonder why they call you "pests"?			Antz 
FLY	 Man, your girl is fly, know what I'm saying? Z (overdoing it) Oh, Bala?  I guess she's okay, you know, for a princess.  I mean, I usually date queens, or you know, empresses, because sometimes the lesser nobility are too much in awe of my smouldering sensuality.  Please stop me if I'm making you feel inadequate. Z What's the matter?  This place is as cheery as a Roach Motel at check-out time.	LADYBUG	 Bala's been kidnapped!  Some flying ants took her back to the colony! Z She's been kidnapped?!  But I can't live without her! Z (determined) I'm going back.  I've got to get her. Who'll come with me?					Antz 
LADYBUG	 Bala's been kidnapped!  Some flying ants took her back to the colony! Z She's been kidnapped?!  But I can't live without her! Z (determined) I'm going back.  I've got to get her. Who'll come with me?	MALE WASP (O.S.)	 I'll go. Z (surprised) You?!					Antz 
FORMICA	 Princess Bala.  Good. (with urgency) Where's Z?	BALA	 He's...he's dead. (covering for Z) You don't have to look for him anymore.  He was eaten by a praying mantis.	FORMICA	 (regretfully) It's a shame he died prematurely...I was hoping to kill him myself.	BALA	 Well you'll never be able to hurt him where he is now. (sadly) I miss him already.	Antz 
BALA	 He's...he's dead. (covering for Z) You don't have to look for him anymore.  He was eaten by a praying mantis.	FORMICA	 (regretfully) It's a shame he died prematurely...I was hoping to kill him myself.	BALA	 Well you'll never be able to hurt him where he is now. (sadly) I miss him already.	FORMICA	 (surprised) You miss him?  Why?	Antz 
FORMICA	 (regretfully) It's a shame he died prematurely...I was hoping to kill him myself.	BALA	 Well you'll never be able to hurt him where he is now. (sadly) I miss him already.	FORMICA	 (surprised) You miss him?  Why?	BALA	 (angry) Because...because he's twice the ant that you are.  I could never go through with marrying you.  I'm -- I'm an individual, and when I get married, it'll be to someone I choose.	Antz 
BALA	 Well you'll never be able to hurt him where he is now. (sadly) I miss him already.	FORMICA	 (surprised) You miss him?  Why?	BALA	 (angry) Because...because he's twice the ant that you are.  I could never go through with marrying you.  I'm -- I'm an individual, and when I get married, it'll be to someone I choose.	FORMICA	 (shaking his head) Princess Bala, I'm just a simple old soldier, and the ways of the feminine mind are a little too complex for me. But one thing I do know is, there are more Princesses where you came from. I just hope they're not all like you. In the meantime, maybe we can arrange for you to see Z again after all.	Antz 
FORMICA	 (surprised) You miss him?  Why?	BALA	 (angry) Because...because he's twice the ant that you are.  I could never go through with marrying you.  I'm -- I'm an individual, and when I get married, it'll be to someone I choose.	FORMICA	 (shaking his head) Princess Bala, I'm just a simple old soldier, and the ways of the feminine mind are a little too complex for me. But one thing I do know is, there are more Princesses where you came from. I just hope they're not all like you. In the meantime, maybe we can arrange for you to see Z again after all.			Antz 
BALA	 (angry) Because...because he's twice the ant that you are.  I could never go through with marrying you.  I'm -- I'm an individual, and when I get married, it'll be to someone I choose.	FORMICA	 (shaking his head) Princess Bala, I'm just a simple old soldier, and the ways of the feminine mind are a little too complex for me. But one thing I do know is, there are more Princesses where you came from. I just hope they're not all like you. In the meantime, maybe we can arrange for you to see Z again after all.					Antz 
MALE WASP	 Good luck, Z.  For a wingless insect, you're alright by me. Z Thanks, Chip. Z (to himself) How am I going to get in?  The place is crawling with soldiers!	SOLDIER ANT	 You there!  Worker! Z Don't bite!  I surrender!					Antz 
QUEEN	 It's just...How I miss Bala.  I wish she were here for this special moment.	FORMICA	 (falsely supportive) She is, your majesty.  She is.					Antz 
QUEEN	 But General -- this tunnel is your baby!  You're sure you can't stay ?	FORMICA	 'Fraid not, your majesty. (with regret) Goodbye, your majesty.	QUEEN	 Very well, General -- I know you -- all work and no play!	FORMICA	 Alright, let's move out!	Antz 
WEAVER	 Z...I'm so sorry!  I -- Z Don't worry about it, pal.	QUEEN	 (distastefully) Oh...it's that social-climbing worker again -- what does he want? Z (in response) To save you all!  Now we've got to go!					Antz 
WORKER #2	 Yeah.  We're too important to dig. You taught us that, Z.  You hate digging! Z (at his wits end) Yeah, but I hate drowning more!  Now dig!	WEAVER	 You heard the ant -- DIG!!! Z That's it!  Pass the dirt back to the center!  Go on! Z Your highness...time to get your hands dirty! Z We need to form a scaffolding around this mound -- let's DO IT! Z Now climb! Z Okay boys -- take her up!					Antz 
WORKERS	 I'm Z!  I'm Z!  I'm Z and so is my brother!  I've been Z for weeks now!	QUEEN	 (regally) We are Z.	ALL	 I am Z!  I am Z!  I am Z!	FORMICA		Antz 
FLY	 Say the word, Z, and we kick their butts.	FORMICA	 What are you doing?!  ATTACK!! (berating his army) Come on, you yellow-bellies! (turning on Carpenter) Don't just stand there, Carpenter! Make an example of yourself!	CARPENTER	 Uh, actually, we are outnumbered sir...	CHARGES Z!		Antz 
