BUD (V.O.)	 It's a real nice apartment - nothing fancy -- but kind of cozy -- just right for a bachelor. The only problem is - I can't always get in when I want to. INT. THE APARTMENT - EVENING (Picasso, Braque, Klee) tacked up on the walls.	KIRKEBY	 (calling off) Come on, Sylvia.  It's getting late.	KIRKEBY	 Cut it out, Sylvia.  We got to get out of here.			Apartment, The 
KIRKEBY	 Please, Sylvia!  It's a quarter to nine!	SYLVIA	 (dropping slivers of ice into the pitcher) First you can't wait to get me up here, and now -- rush, rush, rush! Makes a person feel cheap.	KIRKEBY	 Sylvia -- sweetie -- it's not that -- but I promised the guy I'd be out of here by eight o'clock, positively.	SYLVIA	 (pouring martini) What guy?  Whose apartment is this, anyway?	Apartment, The 
KIRKEBY	 Sylvia -- sweetie -- it's not that -- but I promised the guy I'd be out of here by eight o'clock, positively.	SYLVIA	 (pouring martini) What guy?  Whose apartment is this, anyway?	KIRKEBY	 (exasperated) What's the difference?  Some schnook that works in the office.			Apartment, The 
SYLVIA	 (pouring martini) What guy?  Whose apartment is this, anyway?	KIRKEBY	 (exasperated) What's the difference?  Some schnook that works in the office.					Apartment, The 
BUD	 Good evening, Mrs. Lieberman.	MRS. LIEBERMAN	 Some weather we're having.  Must be from all the meshugass at Cape Canaveral. (she is half-way up the steps) You locked out of your apartment?	BUD	 No, no.  Just waiting for a friend. Good night, Mrs. Lieberman.	MRS. LIEBERMAN	 Good night, Mr. Baxter.	Apartment, The 
KIRKEBY	 Sssssh.	SYLVIA	 (still cha cha-ing) You're one button off, Mr. Kirkeby.	SYLVIA	 You got to watch those things. Wives are getting smarter all the time.  Take Mr. Bernheim -- in the Claims Department -- came home one night with lipstick on his shirt -- told his wife he had a shrimp cocktail for lunch -- so she took it out to the lab and had it analyzed -- so now she has the house in Great Neck and the children and the new Jaguar --	KIRKEBY	 Don't you ever stop talking?	Apartment, The 
MRS. DREYFUSS	 Something the matter?	BUD	 I seem to have dropped my key. (faking a little search) Oh -- here it is.	MRS. DREYFUSS	 Such a racket I heard in your place -- maybe you had burglars.	BUD	 Oh, you don't have to worry about that -- nothing in there that anybody would want to steal... (unlocking door quickly) Good night, Mrs. Dreyfuss.	Apartment, The 
MRS. DREYFUSS	 Such a racket I heard in your place -- maybe you had burglars.	BUD	 Oh, you don't have to worry about that -- nothing in there that anybody would want to steal... (unlocking door quickly) Good night, Mrs. Dreyfuss.					Apartment, The 
KIRKEBY	 Sure, sure.  Look, kid -- I put in a good word for you with Sheldrake, in Personnel.	BUD	 (perking up) Mr. Sheldrake?	KIRKEBY	 That's right.  We were discussing our department -- manpower-wise -- and promotion-wise -- (finds the galoshes behind a chair) -- and I told him what a bright boy you were.  They're always on the lookout for young executives.	BUD	 Thank you, Mr. Kirkeby.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 (perking up) Mr. Sheldrake?	KIRKEBY	 That's right.  We were discussing our department -- manpower-wise -- and promotion-wise -- (finds the galoshes behind a chair) -- and I told him what a bright boy you were.  They're always on the lookout for young executives.	BUD	 Thank you, Mr. Kirkeby.	KIRKEBY	 (starting toward door) You're on your way up, Buddy-boy. And you're practically out of liquor.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Thank you, Mr. Kirkeby.	KIRKEBY	 (starting toward door) You're on your way up, Buddy-boy. And you're practically out of liquor.	BUD	 I know.  Mr. Eichelberger -- in the Mortgage Loan Department -- last night he had a little Halloween party here --	KIRKEBY	 Well, lay in some vodka and some vermouth -- and put my name on it.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Yes, Mr. Kirkeby.  You still owe me for the last two bottles --	KIRKEBY	 I'll pay you on Friday. (in the open doorwaY) And whatever happened to those little cheese crackers you used to have around?	BUD	 (making a mental note) Cheese crackers.			Apartment, The 
KIRKEBY	 I'll pay you on Friday. (in the open doorwaY) And whatever happened to those little cheese crackers you used to have around?	BUD	 (making a mental note) Cheese crackers.					Apartment, The 
DR. DREYFUSS	 Yeah.  Some clown at Schrafft's 57th Street ate a club sandwich, and forgot to take out the toothpick.	BUD	 Oh. (sets down wastebasket) 'Bye, Doc.	DR. DREYFUSS	 (indicating bottles) Say, Baxter -- the way you're belting that stuff, you must have a pair of cast-iron kidneys.	BUD	 Oh, that's not me.  It's just that once in a while, I have some people in for a drink.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Oh. (sets down wastebasket) 'Bye, Doc.	DR. DREYFUSS	 (indicating bottles) Say, Baxter -- the way you're belting that stuff, you must have a pair of cast-iron kidneys.	BUD	 Oh, that's not me.  It's just that once in a while, I have some people in for a drink.	DR. DREYFUSS	 As a matter of fact, you must be an iron man all around. From what I hear through the walls, you got something going for you every night.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 I'm sorry if it gets noisy --	DR. DREYFUSS	 Sometimes,  there's a twi-night double-header. (shaking his head) A nebbish like you!	BUD	 (uncomfortable) Yeah.  Well -- see you, Doc. (starts to back through door)	DR. DREYFUSS	 You know, Baxter -- I'm doing some research at the Columbia Medical Center -- and I wonder if you could do us a favor?	Apartment, The 
DR. DREYFUSS	 Sometimes,  there's a twi-night double-header. (shaking his head) A nebbish like you!	BUD	 (uncomfortable) Yeah.  Well -- see you, Doc. (starts to back through door)	DR. DREYFUSS	 You know, Baxter -- I'm doing some research at the Columbia Medical Center -- and I wonder if you could do us a favor?	BUD	 Me?	Apartment, The 
ANNOUNCER	 -- from the world's greatest library of film classics, we proudly present -- (fanfare) Greta Garbo -- John Barrymore -- Joan Crawford -- Wallace Beery -- and Lionel Barrymore in -- (fanfare)	GRAND HOTEL!		ANNOUNCER	 But first, a word from our sponsor. If you smoke the modern way, don't be fooled by phony filter claims --			Apartment, The 
DOBISCH	 Dobisch -- Joe Dobisch, in Administration.	BUD	 (snapping to attention) Oh, yes, Mr. Dobisch.  I didn't recognize your voice --					Apartment, The 
DOBISCH	 That's okay, Buddy-boy.  Now like I was saying, I'm in this joint on Sixty-first -- and I think I got lucky -- (glances toward blonde) -- she's a skater with the Ice Show -- (he chuckles) -- and I thought maybe I could bring her up for a quiet drink.	BUD	 I'm sorry, Mr. Dobisch.  You know I like to help you guys out -- but it's sort of late -- so why don't we make it some other time?					Apartment, The 
DOBISCH	 (pulling rank) Look, Baxter -- we're making out the monthly efficiency rating -- and I'm putting you in the top ten. Now you don't want to louse yourself up, do you?	BUD	 Of course not.  But -- how can I be efficient in the office if I don't get enough sleep at night?					Apartment, The 
BLONDE	 That's sweet.  That's real sweet.	DOBISCH	 (into phone again) Make it thirty minutes.  What do you say, Bud?	BUD	 (a last stand) I'm all out of liquor -- and there's no clean glasses -- no cheese crackers -- no nothing.			Apartment, The 
DOBISCH	 (into phone again) Make it thirty minutes.  What do you say, Bud?	BUD	 (a last stand) I'm all out of liquor -- and there's no clean glasses -- no cheese crackers -- no nothing.					Apartment, The 
BLONDE	 This the place?	DOBISCH	 Yeah. (to cab driver) How much?	CABBIE	 Seventy cents.	DOBISCH	 Get the money, will you?	Apartment, The 
DOBISCH	 Can't think of a better one.	BLONDE	 (holding door open for him) I mean - barging in on your mother -- in the middle of the night?	DOBISCH	 (edging past her with stingers) Don't worry about the old lady. One squawk from her, and she's out of a job.			Apartment, The 
BLONDE	 (holding door open for him) I mean - barging in on your mother -- in the middle of the night?	DOBISCH	 (edging past her with stingers) Don't worry about the old lady. One squawk from her, and she's out of a job.					Apartment, The 
DOBISCH	 Not there.  Under the mat.	BLONDE	 (puzzled) Under the mat? (picks up key)	DOBISCH	 (impatiently) Open up, open up -- we haven't got all night.	BLONDE	 (suspiciously) So this is your mother's apartment?	Apartment, The 
BLONDE	 (puzzled) Under the mat? (picks up key)	DOBISCH	 (impatiently) Open up, open up -- we haven't got all night.	BLONDE	 (suspiciously) So this is your mother's apartment?	DOBISCH	 That's right.  Maria Ouspenskaya.	Apartment, The 
DOBISCH	 (impatiently) Open up, open up -- we haven't got all night.	BLONDE	 (suspiciously) So this is your mother's apartment?	DOBISCH	 That's right.  Maria Ouspenskaya.	BLONDE	 (sticking her head in) Hiya, Ouspenskaya.	Apartment, The 
DOBISCH	 That's right.  Maria Ouspenskaya.	BLONDE	 (sticking her head in) Hiya, Ouspenskaya.	DR. DREYFUSS	 (calling to his wife, off-screen) Mildred -- he's at it again.			Apartment, The 
BLONDE	 (sticking her head in) Hiya, Ouspenskaya.	DR. DREYFUSS	 (calling to his wife, off-screen) Mildred -- he's at it again.					Apartment, The 
BUD	 (hoarsely) Good morning, Mr. Kirkeby.	KIRKEBY	 (as if he just knew him vaguely) Oh, how are you, Baxter.  They keeping you busy these days?	BUD	 Yes, sir.  They are indeed. (he sniffs)	FRAN	 (rattling it off) Morning, Mr. Kessel -- Morning, Miss Robinson -- Morning, Mr. Kirkeby -- Morning, Mr. Williams -- Morning, Miss Livingston -- Morning, Mr. McKellway -- Morning, Mr. Pirelli -- Morning, Mrs. Schubert --	Apartment, The 
KIRKEBY	 (as if he just knew him vaguely) Oh, how are you, Baxter.  They keeping you busy these days?	BUD	 Yes, sir.  They are indeed. (he sniffs)	FRAN	 (rattling it off) Morning, Mr. Kessel -- Morning, Miss Robinson -- Morning, Mr. Kirkeby -- Morning, Mr. Williams -- Morning, Miss Livingston -- Morning, Mr. McKellway -- Morning, Mr. Pirelli -- Morning, Mrs. Schubert --	FRAN	 Morning, Mr. Baxter.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Yes, sir.  They are indeed. (he sniffs)	FRAN	 (rattling it off) Morning, Mr. Kessel -- Morning, Miss Robinson -- Morning, Mr. Kirkeby -- Morning, Mr. Williams -- Morning, Miss Livingston -- Morning, Mr. McKellway -- Morning, Mr. Pirelli -- Morning, Mrs. Schubert --	FRAN	 Morning, Mr. Baxter.	BUD	 Morning, Miss Kubelik.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Morning, Miss Kubelik.	STARTER	 (working the clicker) That's all.  Take it away.	FRAN	 (shutting the door) Watch the door, please.  Blasting off.			Apartment, The 
STARTER	 (working the clicker) That's all.  Take it away.	FRAN	 (shutting the door) Watch the door, please.  Blasting off.					Apartment, The 
BUD	 (studying her) What did you do to your hair?	FRAN	 It was making me nervous, so I chopped it off.  Big mistake, huh?	BUD	 I sort of like it.			Apartment, The 
FRAN	 Well, to make the figures come out even -- since I have no colds a year -- some poor slob must have five colds a year.	BUD	 That's me. (dabs his nose)	FRAN	 You should have stayed in bed this morning.	BUD	 I should have stayed in bed last night.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 (all in the day's work) And watch your hand, Mr. Kirkeby!	KIRKEBY	 (innocently) I beg your pardon?	FRAN	 One of these days I'm going to shut those doors on you and --	FRAN	 Twenty next.	Apartment, The 
KIRKEBY	 Listen to him.  Little Lord Fauntleroy!	BUD	 (cupping hand over phone mouthpiece) Hello, Mr. Dobisch? This is Baxter, on the nineteenth floor.					Apartment, The 
DOBISCH	 Oh, Buddy-boy. I was just about to call you. (shuts off electric shaver) I'm sorry about that mess on the living room wall. You see, my little friend, she kept insisting Picasso was a bum -- so she started to do that mural -- but I'm sure it will wash off -- just eyebrow pencil.	BUD	 It's not Picasso I'm calling about. It's the key -- to my apartment -- you were supposed to leave it under the mat.	DOBISCH	 I did, didn't I? I distinctly remember bending over and putting it there --			Apartment, The 
BUD	 Oh, I found a key there, all right -- only it's the wrong key.	DOBISCH	 It is? (takes Bud's key out of his pocket) Well, how about that? No wonder I couldn't get into the executive washroom this morning.	BUD	 And I couldn't get into my apartment -- so at four a. m. I had to wake up the landlady and give her a whole song and dance about going out to mail a letter and the door slamming shut.	DOBISCH	 That's a shame. I'll send the key right down. And about your promotion -- (leafs through report on desk) -- I'm sending that efficiency report right up to Mr. Sheldrake, in Personnel. I wouldn't be surprised if you heard from him before the day is over.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 And I couldn't get into my apartment -- so at four a. m. I had to wake up the landlady and give her a whole song and dance about going out to mail a letter and the door slamming shut.	DOBISCH	 That's a shame. I'll send the key right down. And about your promotion -- (leafs through report on desk) -- I'm sending that efficiency report right up to Mr. Sheldrake, in Personnel. I wouldn't be surprised if you heard from him before the day is over.	BUD	 Thank you, Mr. Dobisch.	MESSENGER	 From Mr. Dobisch.	Apartment, The 
MESSENGER	 From Mr. Dobisch.	BUD	 (thermometer in mouth) Wait.	BUD	 (thermometer in mouth) To Mr. Dobisch.			Apartment, The 
VANDERHOF	 Dear Mr. MacIntosh -- (phone rings and he picks it up) Vanderhof, Public Relations. Oh, yes, Baxter. Just a minute. (to secretary) All right, Miss Finch -- type up what we got so far. (he waits till she is out of the office; then, into phone) Now what is it, Baxter?	BUD	 Look, Mr. Vanderhof -- I've got you down here for tonight -- but I'm going to be using the place myself -- so I'll have to cancel.	VANDERHOF	 Cancel? But it's her birthday -- I already ordered the cake --			Apartment, The 
VANDERHOF	 Okay, you made your point. We'll just have to do it next Wednesday -- that's the only night of the week I can get away.	BUD	 Wednesday -- Wednesday -- (leafing through calendar) I got somebody penciled in -- let me see what I can do -- I'll get back to you.	BUD	 (into phone) Mr. Eichelberger? Is this Mortgage and Loan? I'd like to speak to Mr. Eichelberger. Yes, it is urgent.			Apartment, The 
ASSOCIATE	 (holding out phone to Eichelberger) For you, Mel.	EIGHELBERGER	 Eichelberger here -- oh, yes, Baxter -- (a glance at his associates; then continues, as though it were a business call) What's your problem? -- Wednesday is out? -- oh -- that throws a little monkey wrench into my agenda -- Thursday? No, I'm all tied up on Thursday -- let's schedule that meeting for Friday.	BUD	 Friday? (checks calendar) Let me see what I can do. I'll get back to you.			Apartment, The 
EIGHELBERGER	 Eichelberger here -- oh, yes, Baxter -- (a glance at his associates; then continues, as though it were a business call) What's your problem? -- Wednesday is out? -- oh -- that throws a little monkey wrench into my agenda -- Thursday? No, I'm all tied up on Thursday -- let's schedule that meeting for Friday.	BUD	 Friday? (checks calendar) Let me see what I can do. I'll get back to you.					Apartment, The 
SYLVIA	 Thursday? That's The Untouchables -- with Bob Stack.	KIRKEBY	 Bob WHO? -- all right, so we'll watch it at the apartment. Big deal. (he hangs up, dials) Baxter? It's okay for Thursday.					Apartment, The 
BUD	 Thank you, Mr. Kirkeby. (hangs up, consults directory, dials) Mr. Eichelberger? It's okay for Friday. (hangs up, consults directory, dials) Mr. Vanderhof? It's okay for Wednesday.	MOFFETT	 (into phone) All right -- I'll tell him. (hangs up, turns to Bud) Hey, Baxter -- that was Personnel. Mr. Sheldrake's secretary.	BUD	 Sheldrake?	MOFFETT	 She's been trying to reach you for the last twenty minutes. They want you up stairs.	Apartment, The 
MOFFETT	 What gives, Baxter? You getting promoted or getting fired?	BUD	 (cockily) Care to make a small wager?	MOFFETT	 I've been here twice as long as you have --	BUD	 Shall we say -- a dollar?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Why not? Now that they're kicking me upstairs --	FRAN	 Couldn't happen to a nicer guy. (Bud beams) You know, you're the only one around here who ever takes his hat off in the elevator.	BUD	 Really?	FRAN	 The characters you meet. Something happens to men in elevators. Must be the change of altitude -- the blood rushes to their head, or something -- boy, I could tell you stories --	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 I hope everything goes all right.	BUD	 I hope so. (turning back) Wouldn't you know they'd call me on a day like this -- with my cold and everything -- (fumbling with his tie) How do I look?	FRAN	 Fine. (stepping out of elevator) Wait.	BUD	 Thank you. That's the first thing I ever noticed about you -- when you were still on the local elevator -- you always wore a flower --	Apartment, The 
BUD	 I hope so. (turning back) Wouldn't you know they'd call me on a day like this -- with my cold and everything -- (fumbling with his tie) How do I look?	FRAN	 Fine. (stepping out of elevator) Wait.	BUD	 Thank you. That's the first thing I ever noticed about you -- when you were still on the local elevator -- you always wore a flower --	FRAN	 Good luck. And wipe your nose.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Yes, sir.	SHELDRAKE	 (studying him) I was sort of wondering what you looked like. Sit down.	BUD	 Yes, Mr. Sheldrake.	SHELDRAKE	 Been hearing some very nice things about you -- here's a report from Mr. Dobisch -- loyal, cooperative, resourceful --	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 And Mr. Kirkeby tells me that several nights a week you work late at the office -- without overtime.	BUD	 (modestly) Well, you know how it is -- things pile up.	SHELDRAKE	 Mr. Vanderhof, in Public Relations, and Mr. Eichelberger, in Mortgage and Loan -- they'd both like to have you transferred to their departments.	BUD	 That's very flattering.	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 Look, Baxter, I'm not stupid. I know everything that goes on in this building -- in every department -- on every floor -- every day of the year.	BUD	 (in a very small voice) You do?	SHELDRAKE	 (rises, starts pacing) In 1957, we had an employee here, name of Fowler. He was very popular, too. Turned out he was running a bookie joint right in the Actuarial Department tying up the switchboard, figuring the odds on our I.B.M. machines -- so the day before the Kentucky Derby, I called in the Vice Squad and we raided the thirteenth floor.	BUD	 (worried) The Vice Squad?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 (in a very small voice) You do?	SHELDRAKE	 (rises, starts pacing) In 1957, we had an employee here, name of Fowler. He was very popular, too. Turned out he was running a bookie joint right in the Actuarial Department tying up the switchboard, figuring the odds on our I.B.M. machines -- so the day before the Kentucky Derby, I called in the Vice Squad and we raided the thirteenth floor.	BUD	 (worried) The Vice Squad?	SHELDRAKE	 That's right, Baxter.	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 (rises, starts pacing) In 1957, we had an employee here, name of Fowler. He was very popular, too. Turned out he was running a bookie joint right in the Actuarial Department tying up the switchboard, figuring the odds on our I.B.M. machines -- so the day before the Kentucky Derby, I called in the Vice Squad and we raided the thirteenth floor.	BUD	 (worried) The Vice Squad?	SHELDRAKE	 That's right, Baxter.	BUD	 What -- what's that got to do with me? I'm not running any bookie joint.	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 You better.	BUD	 (a deep breath) Well, about six months ago -- I was going to night school, taking this course in Advanced Accounting -- and one of the guys in our department -- he lives in Jersey -- he was going to a banquet at the Biltmore -- his wife was meeting him in town, and he needed someplace to change into a tuxedo -- so I gave him the key    and word must have gotten around -- because the next thing I knew, all sorts of guys were suddenly going to banquets -- and when you give the key to one guy, you can't say no to another and the whole thing got out of hand -- pardon me.	SHELDRAKE	 Baxter, an insurance company is founded on public trust. Any employee who conducts himself in a manner unbecoming -- (shifting into a new gear) How many charter members are there in this little club of yours?	BUD	 Just those four -- out of a total of 31,259 -- so actually, we can be very proud of our personnel -- percentage-wise.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 (a deep breath) Well, about six months ago -- I was going to night school, taking this course in Advanced Accounting -- and one of the guys in our department -- he lives in Jersey -- he was going to a banquet at the Biltmore -- his wife was meeting him in town, and he needed someplace to change into a tuxedo -- so I gave him the key    and word must have gotten around -- because the next thing I knew, all sorts of guys were suddenly going to banquets -- and when you give the key to one guy, you can't say no to another and the whole thing got out of hand -- pardon me.	SHELDRAKE	 Baxter, an insurance company is founded on public trust. Any employee who conducts himself in a manner unbecoming -- (shifting into a new gear) How many charter members are there in this little club of yours?	BUD	 Just those four -- out of a total of 31,259 -- so actually, we can be very proud of our personnel -- percentage-wise.	SHELDRAKE	 That's not the point. Four rotten apples in a barrel -- no matter how large the barrel -- you realize that if this ever leaked out --	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Yes, sir.	SHELDRAKE	 (into phone) The reason I called is -- I won't be home for dinner tonight. The branch manager from Kansas City is in town -- I'm taking him to the theatre Music Man, what else? No, don't wait up for me -- 'bye, darling. (hangs up, turns to Bud) Tell me something,  Baxter  -- have you seen Music Man?	BUD	 Not yet. But I hear it's one swell show.	SHELDRAKE	 How would you like to go tonight?	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 It also says here -- that you are alert, astute, and quite imaginative --	BUD	 Oh? (the dawn is breaking) Oh!	BUD	 This?	SHELDRAKE	 That's good thinking, Baxter. Next month there's going to be a shift in personnel around here -- and as far as I'm concerned, you're executive material.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 I am?	SHELDRAKE	 Now put down the key -- (pushing a pad toward him) -- and put down the address.	BUD	 It's on the second floor - my name is not on the door -- it just says	2A --		Apartment, The 
BUD	 Oh, no sir. Certainly not. Anyway, it's none of my business -- four apples, five apples -- what's the difference -- percentage-wise?	SHELDRAKE	 (holding out the tickets) Here you are, Baxter. Have a nice time.	BUD	 You too, sir.			Apartment, The 
SYLVIA	 So I figure, a man in his position, he's going to take me to 21 and El Morocco -- instead, he takes me to Hamburg Heaven and some schnook's apartment --	FRAN	 (passing Bud) Good night.	BUD	 (casually) Good night.	BUD	 Oh -- Miss Kubelik. (he rushes after her, taking off his hat) I've been waiting for you.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 (passing Bud) Good night.	BUD	 (casually) Good night.	BUD	 Oh -- Miss Kubelik. (he rushes after her, taking off his hat) I've been waiting for you.	FRAN	 You have?	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 I'm sorry, but I can't tonight. I'm meeting somebody.	BUD	 Oh. (a beat) You mean -- like a girl-friend?	FRAN	 No. Like a man.	BUD	 I wasn't trying to be personal -- it's just that the fellows in the office were -- whether you wondering about you ever --	Apartment, The 
BUD	 (putting his hat on) Well, it was just an idea -- I hate to see a ticket go to waste --	FRAN	 (stops) What time does the show go on?	BUD	 Eight-thirty.	FRAN	 (looks at her watch) Well -- I could meet you at the theatre -- if that's all right.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Eight-thirty.	FRAN	 (looks at her watch) Well -- I could meet you at the theatre -- if that's all right.	BUD	 All right? That's wonderful! It's the Majestic -- 44th Street.	FRAN	 Meet you in the lobby. Okay?	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 How is your cold?	BUD	 (high as a kite) What cold? And after the show, we could go out on the town -- (does a little cha cha step) I've been taking from Arthur Murray.	FRAN	 So I see.	BUD	 They got a great little band at El Chico, in the Village -- it's practically around the corner from where you live.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 They got a great little band at El Chico, in the Village -- it's practically around the corner from where you live.	FRAN	 Sounds good. (a sudden thought) How do you know where I live?	BUD	 Oh, I even know who you live with -- your sister and brother-in- law -- I know when you were born -- and where -- I know all sorts of things about you.	FRAN	 How come?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 I know your height, your weight and your Social Security number -- you had mumps, you had measles, and you had your appendix out.	FRAN	 Well, don't tell the fellows in the office about the appendix. They may get the wrong idea how you found out. (turning the corner) 'Bye.	BUD	 (calling after her) Eight-thirty!			Apartment, The 
FRAN	 Well, don't tell the fellows in the office about the appendix. They may get the wrong idea how you found out. (turning the corner) 'Bye.	BUD	 (calling after her) Eight-thirty!					Apartment, The 
FRAN	 (a wistful smile) Good evening, Mr. Sheldrake.	SHELDRAKE	 Please, Fran -- not so loud. (he gets up)	FRAN	 Still afraid somebody may see us together?	SHELDRAKE	 (reaching for her coat) Let me take that.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 Still afraid somebody may see us together?	SHELDRAKE	 (reaching for her coat) Let me take that.	FRAN	 No, Jeff. I can't stay very long. (sits opposite him, with her coat on) Can I have a frozen daiquiri?	SHELDRAKE	 It's on the way. (sits down) I see you went ahead and cut your hair.	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 (reaching for her coat) Let me take that.	FRAN	 No, Jeff. I can't stay very long. (sits opposite him, with her coat on) Can I have a frozen daiquiri?	SHELDRAKE	 It's on the way. (sits down) I see you went ahead and cut your hair.	FRAN	 That's right.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 No, Jeff. I can't stay very long. (sits opposite him, with her coat on) Can I have a frozen daiquiri?	SHELDRAKE	 It's on the way. (sits down) I see you went ahead and cut your hair.	FRAN	 That's right.	SHELDRAKE	 You know I liked it better long.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 Yes, I know. You want a lock to carry in your wallet?	WAITER	 (showing all his teeth) Evening, lady. Nice see you again.	FRAN	 Thank you.	SHELDRAKE	 How long has it been -- a month?	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 It's been hell.	FRAN	 (dipping shrimp) -- same sauce -- sweet and sour.	SHELDRAKE	 You don't know what it's like -- standing next to you in that elevator, day after day -- Good morning, Miss Kubelik -- Good night, Mr. Sheldrake -- I'm still crazy about you, Fran.	FRAN	 (avoiding his eyes) Let's not start on that again, Jeff -- please. I'm just beginning to get over it.	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 You don't know what it's like -- standing next to you in that elevator, day after day -- Good morning, Miss Kubelik -- Good night, Mr. Sheldrake -- I'm still crazy about you, Fran.	FRAN	 (avoiding his eyes) Let's not start on that again, Jeff -- please. I'm just beginning to get over it.	SHELDRAKE	 I don't believe you.	FRAN	 Look, Jeff -- we had two wonderful months this summer -- and that was it. Happens all the time -- the wife and kids go away to the country, and the boss has a fling with the secretary or the manicurist -- or the elevator girl. Comes September, the picnic is over -- goodbye. The kids go back to school, the boss goes back to the wife, and the girl -- (she is barely able to control herself) They don't make these shrimp like they used to.	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 I don't believe you.	FRAN	 Look, Jeff -- we had two wonderful months this summer -- and that was it. Happens all the time -- the wife and kids go away to the country, and the boss has a fling with the secretary or the manicurist -- or the elevator girl. Comes September, the picnic is over -- goodbye. The kids go back to school, the boss goes back to the wife, and the girl -- (she is barely able to control herself) They don't make these shrimp like they used to.	SHELDRAKE	 I never said goodbye, Fran.	FRAN	 (not listening) For a while there, you try kidding yourself that you're going with an unmarried man. Then one day he keeps looking at his watch, and asks you if there's any lipstick showing, then rushes off to catch the seven-fourteen to White Plains. So you fix yourself a cup of instant coffee -- and you sit there by yourself -- and you think -- and it all begins to look so ugly --	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 I never said goodbye, Fran.	FRAN	 (not listening) For a while there, you try kidding yourself that you're going with an unmarried man. Then one day he keeps looking at his watch, and asks you if there's any lipstick showing, then rushes off to catch the seven-fourteen to White Plains. So you fix yourself a cup of instant coffee -- and you sit there by yourself -- and you think -- and it all begins to look so ugly --	SHELDRAKE	 How do you think I felt -- riding home on that seven-fourteen train?	FRAN	 Why do you keep calling me, Jeff? What do you want from me?	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 Why do you keep calling me, Jeff? What do you want from me?	SHELDRAKE	 (taking her hand) I want you back, Fran.	FRAN	 (withdrawing her hand) Sorry, Mr. Sheldrake -- I'm full up. You'll have to take the next elevator.	SHELDRAKE	 You're not giving me a chance, Fran. I asked you to meet me because -- I have something to tell you.	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 (taking her hand) I want you back, Fran.	FRAN	 (withdrawing her hand) Sorry, Mr. Sheldrake -- I'm full up. You'll have to take the next elevator.	SHELDRAKE	 You're not giving me a chance, Fran. I asked you to meet me because -- I have something to tell you.	FRAN	 Go ahead -- tell me.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 Go ahead -- tell me.	SHELDRAKE	 (a glance around) Not here, Fran. Can't we go some place else?	FRAN	 No. I have a date at eight-thirty.	SHELDRAKE	 Important?	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 Fran -- remember that last weekend we had?	FRAN	 (wryly) Do I. That leaky little boat you rented -- and me in a black negligee and a life preserver --	SHELDRAKE	 Remember what we talked about?	FRAN	 We talked about a lot of things.	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 You didn't really believe me, did you?	FRAN	 (shrugging) They got it an a long playing record now - Music to String Her Along By. My wife doesn't understand me -- We haven't gotten along for years -- You're the best thing that ever happened to me --	SHELDRAKE	 That's enough, Fran.	FRAN	 (going right on) Just trust me, baby -- we'll work it out somehow --	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 That's enough, Fran.	FRAN	 (going right on) Just trust me, baby -- we'll work it out somehow --	SHELDRAKE	 You're not being funny.	FRAN	 I wasn't trying.	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 What do you think?	FRAN	 (looking at him for a long moment - then) Let's get something straight, Jeff -- I never asked you to leave your wife.	SHELDRAKE	 Of course not. You had nothing to do with it.	FRAN	 (her eyes misting up again) Are you sure that's what you want?	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 Of course not. You had nothing to do with it.	FRAN	 (her eyes misting up again) Are you sure that's what you want?	SHELDRAKE	 I'm sure. If you'll just tell me that you still love me --	FRAN	 (softly) You know I do.	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 I'm sure. If you'll just tell me that you still love me --	FRAN	 (softly) You know I do.	SHELDRAKE	 Fran --	FRAN	 (pulling her hand away gently) Jeff -- darling --	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 Fran --	FRAN	 (pulling her hand away gently) Jeff -- darling --	SHELDRAKE	 It is crowding up. Let's get out of here.			Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 (to a passing cab) Taxi!	FRAN	 I have that date -- remember?	SHELDRAKE	 I love you -- remember?			Apartment, The 
VANDERHOF	 All right, so you got yourself a girl -- that's okay with us -- but not every night of the week.	KIRKEBY	 How selfish can you get? (to the others) Last week I had to borrow my nephew's car and take Sylvia to a drive-in in Jersey. I'm too old for that sort of thing -- I mean, in a Volkswagen.	BUD	 I sympathize with your problem -- and believe me, I'm very sorry --	DOBISCH	 You'll be a lot sorrier before we're through with you.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Good morning, Mr. Sheldrake.	SHELDRAKE	 Morning, gentlemen. (to Bud) Everything satisfactory? You like your office?	BUD	 Oh, yes, sir. Very much. And I want to thank you --	SHELDRAKE	 Don't thank me -- thank your friends here -- they're the ones who recommended you.	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 Don't thank me -- thank your friends here -- they're the ones who recommended you.	DOBISCH	 We just dropped in to wish him the best. (quickly brushes cigar ash off desk)	KIRKEBY	 (as they move toward the door) So long, Baxter. We know you won't let us down.	BUD	 So long, fellas. Drop in any time. The door is always open -- to my office.	Apartment, The 
DOBISCH	 We just dropped in to wish him the best. (quickly brushes cigar ash off desk)	KIRKEBY	 (as they move toward the door) So long, Baxter. We know you won't let us down.	BUD	 So long, fellas. Drop in any time. The door is always open -- to my office.	SHELDRAKE	 I like the way you handled that. Well, how does it feel to be an executive?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Fine. And I want you to know I'll work very hard to justify your confidence in me --	SHELDRAKE	 Sure you will. (a beat) Say, Baxter, about the apartment - now that you got a raise, don't you think we can afford a second key?	BUD	 Well -- I guess so.	SHELDRAKE	 You know my secretary -- Miss Olsen --	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 Oh, yes. Thanks.	BUD	 The mirror is broken. (opens compact, revealing crack in mirror) It was broken when I found it.	SHELDRAKE	 So it was. (takes the compact) She threw it at me.	BUD	 Sir?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 The mirror is broken. (opens compact, revealing crack in mirror) It was broken when I found it.	SHELDRAKE	 So it was. (takes the compact) She threw it at me.	BUD	 Sir?	SHELDRAKE	 You know how it is -- sooner or later they all give you a bad time.	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 You know how it is -- sooner or later they all give you a bad time.	BUD	 (man-of-the-world) I know how it is.	SHELDRAKE	 You see a girl a couple of times a week -- just for laughs -- and right away she thinks you're going to divorce your wife. I ask you -- is that fair?	BUD	 No, sir. That's very unfair -- especially to your wife.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 No, sir. That's very unfair -- especially to your wife.	SHELDRAKE	 Yeah. (shifting gears) You know, Baxter, I envy you. Bachelor -- all the dames you want -- no headaches, no complications --	BUD	 Yes, sir. That's the life, all right.	SHELDRAKE	 Put me down for Thursday again.	Apartment, The 
OPERATORS	 Consolidated Life -- Merry Christmas -- I'll connect you -- Consolidated Life -- Merry Christmas -- I'm ringing --	SYLVIA	 (into mouthpiece) Yeah? -- YEAH? -- Where? -- You bet --	SYLVIA	 Somebody watch my line -- there's a swinging party up on the nineteenth floor --			Apartment, The 
SYLVIA	 (to a colleague) -- so I said to him: Never again! -- either get yourself a bigger car or a smaller girl --	BUD	 Miss Kubelik.	BUD	 (holding out one of the drinks) Marry Christmas.			Apartment, The 
BUD	 (holding out one of the drinks) Marry Christmas.	FRAN	 Thank you. (takes drink) I thought you were avoiding me.	BUD	 What gave you that idea?	FRAN	 In the last six weeks you've only been in my elevator once -- and then you didn't take your hat off.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 Don't be too sure. Just because I wear a uniform -- that doesn't make me a Girl Scout.	BUD	 Miss Kubelik, one doesn't get to be a second administrative assistant around here unless he's a pretty good judge of character -- and as far as I'm concerned, you're tops. I mean, decency-wise -- and otherwise-wise. (toasting) Cheers.	FRAN	 Cheers.	BUD	 One more?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 One more?	FRAN	 (indicating elevator) I shouldn't drink when I'm driving.	BUD	 You're so right.			Apartment, The 
BUD	 By the power vested in me, I herewith declare this elevator out of order. (leading her toward the party) Shall we join the natives?	FRAN	 Why not? (as they pass a kissing couple) They seem friendly enough.	BUD	 Don't you believe it. Later on there will be human sacrifices -- white collar workers tossed into the computing machines, and punched full of those little square holes.	FRAN	 How many of those drinks did you have?	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 How many of those drinks did you have?	BUD	 (holding up four fingers) Three.	FRAN	 I thought so.	BUD	 You wait here. I think I hear the sound of running water.	Apartment, The 
MISS OLSEN	 And before me there was Miss Rossi in Auditing -- and after me there was Miss Koch in Disability -- and just before you there was Miss What's-Her-Name, on the twenty- fifth floor --	FRAN	 (wanting to get away) Will you excuse me?	MISS OLSEN	 (holding her by the arm) What for? You haven't done anything -- it's him -- what a salesman -- always the last booth in the Chinese restaurant -- and the same pitch about divorcing his wife -- and in the end you wind up with egg foo yong on your face.	BUD	 Miss Kubelik.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 (wanting to get away) Will you excuse me?	MISS OLSEN	 (holding her by the arm) What for? You haven't done anything -- it's him -- what a salesman -- always the last booth in the Chinese restaurant -- and the same pitch about divorcing his wife -- and in the end you wind up with egg foo yong on your face.	BUD	 Miss Kubelik.	FRAN	 Well -- thank you.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 You all right? What's the matter?	FRAN	 Nothing. (takes the drink) There are just too many people here.	BUD	 Why don't we step into any office? There's something I want your advice about, anyway. (leads her toward his cubicle) I have my own office now, naturally. And you may be interested to know I'm the second youngest executive in the company -- the only one younger is a grandson of the chairman of the board.			Apartment, The 
FRAN	 Nothing. (takes the drink) There are just too many people here.	BUD	 Why don't we step into any office? There's something I want your advice about, anyway. (leads her toward his cubicle) I have my own office now, naturally. And you may be interested to know I'm the second youngest executive in the company -- the only one younger is a grandson of the chairman of the board.					Apartment, The 
BUD	 Guess I made a boo-boo, huh?	FRAN	 (paying attention again) No -- I like it.	BUD	 Really? You mean you wouldn't be ashamed to be seen with somebody in a hat like this?	FRAN	 Of course not.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 Of course not.	BUD	 Maybe if I wore it a little more to the side -- (adjusting hat) is that better?	FRAN	 Much better.	BUD	 Well, as long as you wouldn't be ashamed to be seen with me -- how about the three of us going out this evening -- you and me and the bowler -- stroll down Fifth Avenue -- sort of break it in --	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Oh, you don't have to worry about that. I have quite a bit of influence in Personnel. You know Mr. Sheldrake?	FRAN	 (guardedly) Why?	BUD	 He and I are like this. (crosses his fingers) Sent me a Christmas card. See?	SEASON'S GREETINGS	 from the SHELDRAKES Emily, Jeff, Tommy, Jeff Jr., and Figaro.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 (guardedly) Why?	BUD	 He and I are like this. (crosses his fingers) Sent me a Christmas card. See?	SEASON'S GREETINGS	 from the SHELDRAKES Emily, Jeff, Tommy, Jeff Jr., and Figaro.	FRAN	 (studying the card ruefully) Makes a cute picture.	Apartment, The 
SEASON'S GREETINGS	 from the SHELDRAKES Emily, Jeff, Tommy, Jeff Jr., and Figaro.	FRAN	 (studying the card ruefully) Makes a cute picture.	BUD	 I thought maybe I could put in a word for you with Mr. Sheldrake -- get you a little promotion -- how would you like to be an elevator starter?	FRAN	 I'm afraid there are too many other girls around here with seniority over me.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 I'm afraid there are too many other girls around here with seniority over me.	BUD	 No problem. Why don't we discuss it sometime over the holidays -- I could call you and pick you up and we'll have the big unveiling -- (touching the brim of his bowler) -- you sure this is the right way to wear it?	FRAN	 I think so.	BUD	 You don't think it's tilted a little too much --	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 Here.	BUD	 (examining himself in the mirror) After all, this is a conservative firm -- I don't want people to think I'm an entertainer --	FRAN	 What is it?	BUD	 (with difficulty) The mirror -- it's broken.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 What is it?	BUD	 (with difficulty) The mirror -- it's broken.	FRAN	 I know. I like it this way -- makes me look the way I feel.	FRAN	 Your phone.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 Your phone.	BUD	 Oh. (picks up phone from desk) Yes? (throws a quick look at Fran) Just a minute. (covers mouthpiece; to Fran) If you don't mind -- this is sort of personal	FRAN	 All right. Have a nice Christmas.	BUD	 (every word hurts) Yes, Mr. Sheldrake -- no, I didn't forget -- the tree is up and the Tom and Jerry mix is in the refrigerator -- yes, sir -- same to you.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 All right. Have a nice Christmas.	BUD	 (every word hurts) Yes, Mr. Sheldrake -- no, I didn't forget -- the tree is up and the Tom and Jerry mix is in the refrigerator -- yes, sir -- same to you.					Apartment, The 
SANTA CLAUS	 (to bartender) Hey, Charlie -- give me a shot of bourbon -- and step on it -- my sleigh is double parked.	MARGIE	 You buy me a drink, I'll buy you some music. (sets the glass down) Rum Collins.	BUD	 Rum Collins. (indicating martini glass) And another one of these little mothers.	MARGIE	 (out of nowhere) You like Castro? (a blank look from Bud) I mean -- how do you feel about Castro?	Apartment, The 
MARGIE	 You buy me a drink, I'll buy you some music. (sets the glass down) Rum Collins.	BUD	 Rum Collins. (indicating martini glass) And another one of these little mothers.	MARGIE	 (out of nowhere) You like Castro? (a blank look from Bud) I mean -- how do you feel about Castro?	BUD	 What is Castro?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Rum Collins. (indicating martini glass) And another one of these little mothers.	MARGIE	 (out of nowhere) You like Castro? (a blank look from Bud) I mean -- how do you feel about Castro?	BUD	 What is Castro?	MARGIE	 You know, that big-shot down in Cuba with the crazy beard.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Well, you can't win 'em all.	MARGIE	 (to herself) 'Twas the night before Christmas And all through the house Not a creature was stirring -- Nothing -- No action -- Dullsville! (drinks; to Bud) You married?	BUD	 No.	MARGIE	 Family?	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 (stops and faces Fran) Come on, Fran -- don't be like that. You just going to sit there and keep bawling? (no answer) You won't talk to me, you won't tell me what's wrong -- (a new approach) Look, I know you think I'm stalling you. But when you've been married to a woman for twelve years, you don't just sit down at the breakfast table and say "Pass the sugar -- and I want a divorce." It's not that easy. (he resumes pacing; Fran continues crying) Anyway, this is the wrong time. The kids are home from school -- my in- laws are visiting for the holidays -- I can't bring it up now. (stops in front of her) This isn't like you, Fran -- you were always such a good sport -- such fun to be with --	FRAN	 (through tears) Yeah -- that's me. The Happy Idiot -- a million laughs.	SHELDRAKE	 Well, that's more like it. At least you're speaking to me.	FRAN	 Funny thing happened to me at the office party today -- I ran into your secretary -- Miss Olsen. You know -- ring-a-ding-ding? I laughed so much I like to died.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 Yeah, we better.	SHELDRAKE	 I have a present for you. I didn't quite know what to get you -- anyway it's a little awkward for me, shopping -- (he has taken out a money clip, detaches a bill) -- so here's a hundred dollars -- go out and buy yourself something.	SHELDRAKE	 They have some nice alligator bags at Bergdorf's --	SHELDRAKE	 Fran, it's a quarter to seven -- and I mustn't miss the train -- if we hadn't wasted all that time -- I have to get home and trim the tree --	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 Fran, it's a quarter to seven -- and I mustn't miss the train -- if we hadn't wasted all that time -- I have to get home and trim the tree --	FRAN	 Okay. (shrugs the coat back on) I just thought as long as it was paid for --	SHELDRAKE	 (an angry step toward her) Don't ever talk like that, Fran! Don't make yourself out to be cheap.	FRAN	 A hundred dollars? I wouldn't call that cheap. And you must be paying somebody something for the use of the apartment --	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 Okay. (shrugs the coat back on) I just thought as long as it was paid for --	SHELDRAKE	 (an angry step toward her) Don't ever talk like that, Fran! Don't make yourself out to be cheap.	FRAN	 A hundred dollars? I wouldn't call that cheap. And you must be paying somebody something for the use of the apartment --	SHELDRAKE	 (grabbing her arms) Stop that, Fran.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 A hundred dollars? I wouldn't call that cheap. And you must be paying somebody something for the use of the apartment --	SHELDRAKE	 (grabbing her arms) Stop that, Fran.	FRAN	 (quietly) You'll miss your train, Jeff.	SHELDRAKE	 Coming?	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 (grabbing her arms) Stop that, Fran.	FRAN	 (quietly) You'll miss your train, Jeff.	SHELDRAKE	 Coming?	FRAN	 You run along -- I want to fix my face.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 You run along -- I want to fix my face.	SHELDRAKE	 (heading for the door) Don't forget to kill the lights. See you Monday.	FRAN	 Sure. Monday and Thursday -- and Monday again -- and Thursday again --	SHELDRAKE	 (that stops him in the half-open door) It won't always be like this. (coming back) I love you, Fran.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 Sure. Monday and Thursday -- and Monday again -- and Thursday again --	SHELDRAKE	 (that stops him in the half-open door) It won't always be like this. (coming back) I love you, Fran.	FRAN	 (turning her head) Careful -- lipstick.			Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 (that stops him in the half-open door) It won't always be like this. (coming back) I love you, Fran.	FRAN	 (turning her head) Careful -- lipstick.					Apartment, The 
BARTENDER	 (to Santa Claus) Drink up, Pop. It's closing time.	SANTA CLAUS	 But it's early, Charlie.	BARTENDER	 Don't you know what night this is?			Apartment, The 
MARGIE	 Where do we go -- my place or yours?	BUD	 (peering at his watch) Might as well go to mine -- everybody else does.					Apartment, The 
MARGIE	 Poor Mickey -- when I think of him all by himself in that jail in Havana -- (opening her handbag) -- want to see his picture?	BUD	 (from steps) Not particularly.	MARGIE	 He's so cute -- five-foot-two -- ninety-nine pounds...like a little chihuahua.			Apartment, The 
MARGIE	 (looking around) Say, this is Snugsville.	BUD	 (helping her out of her coat) Mrs. MacDougall, I think it is only fair to warn you that you are now alone with a notorious sexpot.	MARGIE	 (a gleam) No kidding.	BUD	 Ask anybody around here. As a matter of fact, when it's time for me to go -- and I may go just like that -- (snaps his fingers) -- I have promised my body to the Columbia Medical Center.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 (helping her out of her coat) Mrs. MacDougall, I think it is only fair to warn you that you are now alone with a notorious sexpot.	MARGIE	 (a gleam) No kidding.	BUD	 Ask anybody around here. As a matter of fact, when it's time for me to go -- and I may go just like that -- (snaps his fingers) -- I have promised my body to the Columbia Medical Center.	MARGIE	 (shuddering deliciously) Gee. Sort of gives you goose-bumps just to think about it.	Apartment, The 
MARGIE	 (a gleam) No kidding.	BUD	 Ask anybody around here. As a matter of fact, when it's time for me to go -- and I may go just like that -- (snaps his fingers) -- I have promised my body to the Columbia Medical Center.	MARGIE	 (shuddering deliciously) Gee. Sort of gives you goose-bumps just to think about it.	BUD	 Well, they haven't got me yet, baby. Dig up some ice from the kitchen and let's not waste any time -- preliminary-wise.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Ask anybody around here. As a matter of fact, when it's time for me to go -- and I may go just like that -- (snaps his fingers) -- I have promised my body to the Columbia Medical Center.	MARGIE	 (shuddering deliciously) Gee. Sort of gives you goose-bumps just to think about it.	BUD	 Well, they haven't got me yet, baby. Dig up some ice from the kitchen and let's not waste any time -- preliminary-wise.	MARGIE	 I'm with you, lover.	Apartment, The 
MARGIE	 I'm with you, lover.	BUD	 All right, Miss Kubelik -- get up. It's past checking-out time, and the hotel management would appreciate it if you would get the hell out of here. (Fran doesn't stir) Look, Miss Kubelik, I used to like you -- I used to like you a lot -- but it's all over between us -- so beat it -- O-U-T -- out! (no reaction; he puts a hand on her shoulder, shakes her) Come on -- wake up!	BUD	 (a hoarse whisper) Oh, my God.	BUD	 Miss Kubelik! Miss Kubelik!	Apartment, The 
MARGIE	 Not so rough, honey.	BUD	 (taking the glass out of her hand) Good night.	MARGIE	 Good night?	BUD	 (thrusting the fur coat at her) The party's over.	Apartment, The 
MARGIE	 Good night?	BUD	 (thrusting the fur coat at her) The party's over.	MARGIE	 What's the matter? Did I do something wrong?	BUD	 (easing her toward door) It's an emergency -- see you some other time.	Apartment, The 
MARGIE	 What's the matter? Did I do something wrong?	BUD	 (easing her toward door) It's an emergency -- see you some other time.	BUD	 Not this one -- (pointing to the bedroom) -- in there, Doc.	MARGIE	 Say, what's going on here, anyway?	Apartment, The 
MARGIE	 Say, what's going on here, anyway?	BUD	 Nothing. (propelling her toward the door) Just clear out, will you?	MARGIE	 (pointing back) My shoes.	MARGIE	 (bitterly) Some lover you are. Some sexpot!	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Nothing. (propelling her toward the door) Just clear out, will you?	MARGIE	 (pointing back) My shoes.	MARGIE	 (bitterly) Some lover you are. Some sexpot!	BUD	 Here -- find yourself a phone booth and call your husband in Havana.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Here -- find yourself a phone booth and call your husband in Havana.	MARGIE	 You bet I will. And when I tell him how you treated me, he'll push your face in. (he shoves her through the open door) You fink!	BUD	 She going to be all right, Doc?	DR. DREYFUSS	 How many pills were in that bottle?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 I don't know -- I mean -- I wasn't here -- you see -- we had some words earlier -- nothing serious, really -- what you might call a lovers' quarrel --	DR. DREYFUSS	 (making off-scene injection) So you went right out and picked yourself up another dame.	BUD	 Something like that.	DR. DREYFUSS	 You know, Baxter, you're a real cutie-pie -- yes, you are.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Miss Kubelik -- Fran.	DR. DREYFUSS	 (to Fran, slowly) Fran, I'm a doctor. I'm here because you took too many sleeping pills. Do you understand what I'm saying? (Fran mutters something) Fran, I'm Dr. Dreyfuss -- I'm here to help you. You took all those sleeping pills -- remember?	FRAN	 (mumbling groggily) Sleeping pills.	DR. DREYFUSS	 That's right, Fran. And I'm a doctor.	Apartment, The 
DR. DREYFUSS	 (to Fran, slowly) Fran, I'm a doctor. I'm here because you took too many sleeping pills. Do you understand what I'm saying? (Fran mutters something) Fran, I'm Dr. Dreyfuss -- I'm here to help you. You took all those sleeping pills -- remember?	FRAN	 (mumbling groggily) Sleeping pills.	DR. DREYFUSS	 That's right, Fran. And I'm a doctor.	FRAN	 Doctor.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 Dreyfuss.	DR. DREYFUSS	 (to Bud) Get more coffee.	DR. DREYFUSS	 (to Fran) Tell me again -- what's my name?	FRAN	 Dr. Dreyfuss.	Apartment, The 
DR. DREYFUSS	 Do you know where you are, Fran?	FRAN	 (looking around blankly) No.	DR. DREYFUSS	 Yes, you do. Now concentrate.	FRAN	 I don't know.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 I don't know.	DR. DREYFUSS	 (pointing to Bud) Do you know who this is? (Fran tries to focus) Look at him.	FRAN	 Mr. Baxter -- nineteenth floor.	BUD	 Hello, Miss Kubelik.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Hello, Miss Kubelik.	DR. DREYFUSS	 (to Bud) Mister -- Miss -- such politeness!	BUD	 (to Dr. Dreyfuss, discreetly) Well -- we work in the same building -- and we try to keep it quiet --	FRAN	 (to Bud, puzzled) What are you doing here?	Apartment, The 
DR. DREYFUSS	 (to Bud) Mister -- Miss -- such politeness!	BUD	 (to Dr. Dreyfuss, discreetly) Well -- we work in the same building -- and we try to keep it quiet --	FRAN	 (to Bud, puzzled) What are you doing here?	BUD	 (to Fran) Don't you remember? We were at the office party together --	Apartment, The 
BUD	 (to Dr. Dreyfuss, discreetly) Well -- we work in the same building -- and we try to keep it quiet --	FRAN	 (to Bud, puzzled) What are you doing here?	BUD	 (to Fran) Don't you remember? We were at the office party together --	FRAN	 Oh, yes -- office party -- Miss Olsen --	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 (to Bud, puzzled) What are you doing here?	BUD	 (to Fran) Don't you remember? We were at the office party together --	FRAN	 Oh, yes -- office party -- Miss Olsen --	BUD	 That's right. (to Dr. Dreyfuss; improvising rapidly) I told you we had a fight -- that's what it was about -- Miss Olsen -- you know that other girl you saw --	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 Oh, yes -- office party -- Miss Olsen --	BUD	 That's right. (to Dr. Dreyfuss; improvising rapidly) I told you we had a fight -- that's what it was about -- Miss Olsen -- you know that other girl you saw --	FRAN	 (still trying to figure out Bud's presence) I don't understand --	BUD	 It's not important, Fran -- the main thing is that I got here in time -- and you're going to be all right -- (to Dr. Dreyfuss) -- isn't she, Doc?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 That's right. (to Dr. Dreyfuss; improvising rapidly) I told you we had a fight -- that's what it was about -- Miss Olsen -- you know that other girl you saw --	FRAN	 (still trying to figure out Bud's presence) I don't understand --	BUD	 It's not important, Fran -- the main thing is that I got here in time -- and you're going to be all right -- (to Dr. Dreyfuss) -- isn't she, Doc?	FRAN	 (closing her eyes) I'm so tired --	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 (still trying to figure out Bud's presence) I don't understand --	BUD	 It's not important, Fran -- the main thing is that I got here in time -- and you're going to be all right -- (to Dr. Dreyfuss) -- isn't she, Doc?	FRAN	 (closing her eyes) I'm so tired --	DR. DREYFUSS	 Here -- drink this.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 It's not important, Fran -- the main thing is that I got here in time -- and you're going to be all right -- (to Dr. Dreyfuss) -- isn't she, Doc?	FRAN	 (closing her eyes) I'm so tired --	DR. DREYFUSS	 Here -- drink this.	FRAN	 (pushing the mug away) Please -- just let me sleep.	Apartment, The 
DR. DREYFUSS	 Here -- drink this.	FRAN	 (pushing the mug away) Please -- just let me sleep.	DR. DREYFUSS	 You can't sleep. (shaking her) Come on, Fran -- open your eyes. (to Bud) Let's get her walking. We've got to keep her awake for the next couple of hours.	DR. DREYFUSS	 (urging Fran on) Now walk, Fran. One, two, three, four -- one, two, three, four -- that's the idea -- left, right, left, right -- now we turn -- one, two, three, four --	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 (pushing the mug away) Please -- just let me sleep.	DR. DREYFUSS	 You can't sleep. (shaking her) Come on, Fran -- open your eyes. (to Bud) Let's get her walking. We've got to keep her awake for the next couple of hours.	DR. DREYFUSS	 (urging Fran on) Now walk, Fran. One, two, three, four -- one, two, three, four -- that's the idea -- left, right, left, right -- now we turn -- one, two, three, four --	DR. DREYFUSS	 Left, right, left, right -- walk, walk, walk -- one, two, three, four -- turn -- left, right, left, right -- now you got it --	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Just as long as she's okay.	DR. DREYFUSS	 (massaging his calves) These cases are harder on the doctor than on the patient. I ought to charge you by the mile.	DR. DREYFUSS	 Any of that coffee left?	BUD	 Sure.	Apartment, The 
DR. DREYFUSS	 How do you spell her last name?	BUD	 (from kitchen) Kubelik -- with two k's.	DR. DREYFUSS	 What's her address? (no answer from Bud) Where does she live?	BUD	 (apprehensive) Why do you want to know, Doc? You don't have to report this, do you?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 (from kitchen) Kubelik -- with two k's.	DR. DREYFUSS	 What's her address? (no answer from Bud) Where does she live?	BUD	 (apprehensive) Why do you want to know, Doc? You don't have to report this, do you?	DR. DREYFUSS	 It's regulations.	Apartment, The 
DR. DREYFUSS	 What's her address? (no answer from Bud) Where does she live?	BUD	 (apprehensive) Why do you want to know, Doc? You don't have to report this, do you?	DR. DREYFUSS	 It's regulations.	BUD	 (setting the coffee down) She didn't mean it, Doc -- it was an accident -- she had a little too much to drink and -- she didn't know what she was doing -- there was no suicide note or anything -- believe me, Doc, I'm not thinking about myself --	Apartment, The 
DR. DREYFUSS	 It's regulations.	BUD	 (setting the coffee down) She didn't mean it, Doc -- it was an accident -- she had a little too much to drink and -- she didn't know what she was doing -- there was no suicide note or anything -- believe me, Doc, I'm not thinking about myself --	DR. DREYFUSS	 (sipping the hot coffee) Aren't you?	BUD	 It's just that she's got a family -- and there's the people in the office -- look, Doc, can't you forget you're a doctor -- let's just say you're here as a neighbor --	Apartment, The 
BUD	 (setting the coffee down) She didn't mean it, Doc -- it was an accident -- she had a little too much to drink and -- she didn't know what she was doing -- there was no suicide note or anything -- believe me, Doc, I'm not thinking about myself --	DR. DREYFUSS	 (sipping the hot coffee) Aren't you?	BUD	 It's just that she's got a family -- and there's the people in the office -- look, Doc, can't you forget you're a doctor -- let's just say you're here as a neighbor --	DR. DREYFUSS	 (a long look at Bud) Well, as a doctor, I guess I can't prove it wasn't an accident. (closes notebook) But as your neighbor, I'd like to kick your keester clear around the block. (indicating coffee) Mind if I cool this off?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 It's just that she's got a family -- and there's the people in the office -- look, Doc, can't you forget you're a doctor -- let's just say you're here as a neighbor --	DR. DREYFUSS	 (a long look at Bud) Well, as a doctor, I guess I can't prove it wasn't an accident. (closes notebook) But as your neighbor, I'd like to kick your keester clear around the block. (indicating coffee) Mind if I cool this off?	BUD	 Help yourself.	DR. DREYFUSS	 (taking a big gulp of the spiked coffee) I don't know what you did to that girl in there -- and don't tell me -- but it was bound to happen, the way you carry on. Live now, pay later. Diner's Club! (another swig) Why don't you grow up, Baxter? Be a mensch! You know what that means?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Help yourself.	DR. DREYFUSS	 (taking a big gulp of the spiked coffee) I don't know what you did to that girl in there -- and don't tell me -- but it was bound to happen, the way you carry on. Live now, pay later. Diner's Club! (another swig) Why don't you grow up, Baxter? Be a mensch! You know what that means?	BUD	 I'm not sure.	DR. DREYFUSS	 A mansch -- a human being! So you got off easy this time -- so you were lucky --	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Yeah, wasn't I?	DR. DREYFUSS	 (finishing coffee) But you're not out of the woods yet, Baxter -- because most of them try it again! (picks up bag, starts toward door) You know where I am if you need me.					Apartment, The 
BUD	 Don't worry about Dr. Dreyfuss -- I happen to know he was out on a case.	MRS. LIEBERMAN	 I'm warning you, Mr. Baxter -- this is a respectable house, not a honky-tonky. (to the dog) Come on, Oscar.					Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 (counting down) 7-6-5-4-3-2-1 -- let her rip!	TOMMY	 Hey, Dad -- why don't we put a fly in the nose cone and see if we can bring it back alive?	SHELDRAKE	 It's a thought.			Apartment, The 
TOMMY	 Propagate -- you know, multiply -- baby flies?	SHELDRAKE	 Oh -- oh! (coming back from the phone) It's for you, Dad. A Mr. Baxter.	SHELDRAKE	 (getting up) Baxter?	TOMMY	 (to Jeff Jr.) Come on -- help me round up some flies.	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 (getting up) Baxter?	TOMMY	 (to Jeff Jr.) Come on -- help me round up some flies.	SHELDRAKE	 Hello? -- yes -- what's on your mind, Baxter?	BUD	 I hate to disturb you, but something came up -- it's rather important -- and I think it would be a good idea if you could see me -- at the apartment -- as soon as possible.	Apartment, The 
MRS. SHELDRAKE'S VOICE	 What is it, Jeff? Who's on the phone?	SHELDRAKE	 (a nice recovery) One of our employees had an accident -- I don't know why they bother me with these things on Christmas Day. (into phone) Yes, Baxter -- just how serious is it?	BUD	 Well, it was touch and go there for a while -- but she's sleeping it off now.	BUD	 I thought maybe you'd like to be here when she wakes up.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 I thought maybe you'd like to be here when she wakes up.	SHELDRAKE	 That's impossible. (an apprehensive look toward the living room) You'll have to handle this situation yourself -- as a matter of fact, I'm counting on you --					Apartment, The 
BUD	 (into phone) -- all right, Mr. Sheldrake, I'll keep her in my apartment as long as I can -- any sort of message you want me to give her? -- well, I'll think of something -- goodbye, Mr. Sheldrake.	FRAN	 (weakly) I'm sorry.	FRAN	 I'm sorry, Mr. Baxter.	BUD	 Miss Kubelik -- (hurries toward her) -- you shouldn't be out of bed.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 I'm sorry, Mr. Baxter.	BUD	 Miss Kubelik -- (hurries toward her) -- you shouldn't be out of bed.	FRAN	 I didn't know -- I had no idea this was your apartment --	BUD	 (putting his arm around her) Let me help you.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 I didn't know -- I had no idea this was your apartment --	BUD	 (putting his arm around her) Let me help you.	FRAN	 I'm so ashamed. Why didn't you just let me die?	BUD	 What kind of talk is that? (he lowers her onto the bed) So you got a little over- emotional -- but you're fine now.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 I'm so ashamed. Why didn't you just let me die?	BUD	 What kind of talk is that? (he lowers her onto the bed) So you got a little over- emotional -- but you're fine now.	FRAN	 (a groan) My head -- it feels like a big wad of chewing gum. What time is it?	BUD	 Two o'clock.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 What kind of talk is that? (he lowers her onto the bed) So you got a little over- emotional -- but you're fine now.	FRAN	 (a groan) My head -- it feels like a big wad of chewing gum. What time is it?	BUD	 Two o'clock.	FRAN	 (struggling to her feet) Where's my dress? I have to go home.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Two o'clock.	FRAN	 (struggling to her feet) Where's my dress? I have to go home.	BUD	 You're in no condition to go anywhere -- except back to bed.	FRAN	 You don't want me here --	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Mrs. Dreyfuss, can I borrow some coffee -- and maybe an orange and a couple of eggs?	MRS. DREYFUSS	 (contemptuously) Eggs he asks me for. Oranges. What you need is a good horse-whipping.	BUD	 Ma'am?	MRS. DREYFUSS	 From me the doctor has no secrets. Poor girl -- how could you do a thing like that?	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 My sister -- she'll want to know what happened to me.	BUD	 (alarmed) Wait a minute -- let's talk this over first. (hurries up to her, takes the receiver away) Just what are you going to tell her?	FRAN	 Well, I haven't figured it out, exactly.	BUD	 You better figure it out -- exactly. Suppose she asks you why you didn't come home last night?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 What's her first name?	FRAN	 Miss. (she is impressed with her own cleverness)	BUD	 When are you coming home?	FRAN	 As soon as I can walk.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 They had to pump it out.	BUD	 (hanging up the phone) Miss Kubelik, I don't think you ought to call anybody -- not till that chewing gum is out of your head. (leads her into bedroom)	FRAN	 But they'll be worried about me -- my brother-in-law may be calling the police --	BUD	 That's why we have to be careful -- we don't want to involve anybody -- after all, Mr. Sheldrake is a married man --	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 Thanks for reminding me.	BUD	 (contritely) I didn't mean it that way -- I was just talking to him on the phone -- he's very concerned about you.	FRAN	 He doesn't give a damn about me.	BUD	 Oh, you're wrong. He told me --	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 He's a liar. But that's not the worst part of it -- the worst part is -- I still love him.	BUD	 Must be Mrs. Dreyfuss -- (starts into living room) -- remember the doctor -- from last night -- that's his wife.	MRS. DREYFUSS	 So where is the victim? (Bud indicates the bedroom) Max the Knife!	MRS. DREYFUSS	 (to Fran) Nu, little lady, how are we feeling today?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Must be Mrs. Dreyfuss -- (starts into living room) -- remember the doctor -- from last night -- that's his wife.	MRS. DREYFUSS	 So where is the victim? (Bud indicates the bedroom) Max the Knife!	MRS. DREYFUSS	 (to Fran) Nu, little lady, how are we feeling today?	FRAN	 I don't know -- kind of dizzy.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 I can't eat.	MRS. DREYFUSS	 You must eat -- and you must get healthy -- and you must forget him. Such a fine boy he seemed when he first moved in here -- clean and cut -- a regular Ivy Leaguer. Turns out he is King Farouk. Mit the drinking -- mit the cha cha -- mit the no napkins. A girl like you, for the rest of your life you want to cry in your noodle soup? Who needs it! You listen to me, you find yourself a nice, substantial man -- a widower maybe -- and settle down -- instead of nashing all those sleeping pills -- for what, for whom? -- for some Good Time Charlie? (sees Bud approaching with napkin) Sssh!	BUD	 (gaily) One napkin, coming up. (hands it to Fran) I wish we had some champagne to wrap it around.	MRS. DREYFUSS	 (to Fran) What did I tell you?	Apartment, The 
MRS. DREYFUSS	 You must eat -- and you must get healthy -- and you must forget him. Such a fine boy he seemed when he first moved in here -- clean and cut -- a regular Ivy Leaguer. Turns out he is King Farouk. Mit the drinking -- mit the cha cha -- mit the no napkins. A girl like you, for the rest of your life you want to cry in your noodle soup? Who needs it! You listen to me, you find yourself a nice, substantial man -- a widower maybe -- and settle down -- instead of nashing all those sleeping pills -- for what, for whom? -- for some Good Time Charlie? (sees Bud approaching with napkin) Sssh!	BUD	 (gaily) One napkin, coming up. (hands it to Fran) I wish we had some champagne to wrap it around.	MRS. DREYFUSS	 (to Fran) What did I tell you?	BUD	 (uncomfortable) Look, Mrs. Dreyfuss, you don't have to wait around. I'll wash the dishes and --	Apartment, The 
BUD	 (gaily) One napkin, coming up. (hands it to Fran) I wish we had some champagne to wrap it around.	MRS. DREYFUSS	 (to Fran) What did I tell you?	BUD	 (uncomfortable) Look, Mrs. Dreyfuss, you don't have to wait around. I'll wash the dishes and --	MRS. DREYFUSS	 You wash 'em, you break 'em. I'll come back for them later. (to Fran) If he makes trouble, give me a yell.	Apartment, The 
MRS. DREYFUSS	 (to Fran) What did I tell you?	BUD	 (uncomfortable) Look, Mrs. Dreyfuss, you don't have to wait around. I'll wash the dishes and --	MRS. DREYFUSS	 You wash 'em, you break 'em. I'll come back for them later. (to Fran) If he makes trouble, give me a yell.	FRAN	 She doesn't seem to like you very much.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 (uncomfortable) Look, Mrs. Dreyfuss, you don't have to wait around. I'll wash the dishes and --	MRS. DREYFUSS	 You wash 'em, you break 'em. I'll come back for them later. (to Fran) If he makes trouble, give me a yell.	FRAN	 She doesn't seem to like you very much.	BUD	 Oh, I don't mind. As a matter of fact, I'm sort of flattered -- that anybody should think a girl like you -- would do a thing like this -- over a guy like me.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Oh, I don't mind. As a matter of fact, I'm sort of flattered -- that anybody should think a girl like you -- would do a thing like this -- over a guy like me.	FRAN	 (glancing at night table) Oh. Did you find something here -- an envelope -- ?	BUD	 Yes, I've got it. (takes envelope out of back pocket) Don't you think we'd better destroy it? So it won't fall into the wrong hands -- ?	FRAN	 Open it.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 (glancing at night table) Oh. Did you find something here -- an envelope -- ?	BUD	 Yes, I've got it. (takes envelope out of back pocket) Don't you think we'd better destroy it? So it won't fall into the wrong hands -- ?	FRAN	 Open it.	BUD	 There's nothing here but a hundred dollar bill.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 That's right. Will you see that Mr. Sheldrake gets it?	BUD	 (shrugging) Sure.	FRAN	 (holding out tray) Here -- take this, will you?	BUD	 You want me to move the television set in here? (Fran shakes her head) You play gin rummy?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 (shrugging) Sure.	FRAN	 (holding out tray) Here -- take this, will you?	BUD	 You want me to move the television set in here? (Fran shakes her head) You play gin rummy?	FRAN	 I'm not very good at it.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 (holding out tray) Here -- take this, will you?	BUD	 You want me to move the television set in here? (Fran shakes her head) You play gin rummy?	FRAN	 I'm not very good at it.	BUD	 I am. Let me get the cards.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Three across, spades double, high deals. (they cut) Eight -- ten. (he starts to deal)	FRAN	 (pensively) I think I'm going to give it all up.	BUD	 Give what up?	FRAN	 Why do people have to love people, anyway?	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 Why do people have to love people, anyway?	BUD	 Yeah -- I know what you mean. (flips over down card) Queen.	FRAN	 I don't want it.	BUD	 Pick a card.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 A bad insurance risk?	FRAN	 (nodding) That's me with men. I've been jinxed from the word go -- first time I was ever kissed was in a cemetery.	BUD	 A cemetery?	FRAN	 I was fifteen -- we used to go there to smoke. His name was George -- he threw me over for a drum majorette.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 I just have this talent for falling in love with the wrong guy in the wrong place at the wrong time.	BUD	 (shuffling) How many guys were there?	FRAN	 (holding up four fingers) Three. The last one was manager of a finance company, back home in Pittsburgh -- they found a little shortage in his accounts, but he asked me to wait for him -- he'll be out in 1965.	BUD	 (pushing the deck toward her) Cut.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 (shuffling) How many guys were there?	FRAN	 (holding up four fingers) Three. The last one was manager of a finance company, back home in Pittsburgh -- they found a little shortage in his accounts, but he asked me to wait for him -- he'll be out in 1965.	BUD	 (pushing the deck toward her) Cut.	FRAN	 (she does, and he starts dealing) So I came to New York and moved in with my sister and her husband -- he drives a cab. They sent me to secretarial school, and I applied for a job with Consolidated - but I flunked the typing test --	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 (holding up four fingers) Three. The last one was manager of a finance company, back home in Pittsburgh -- they found a little shortage in his accounts, but he asked me to wait for him -- he'll be out in 1965.	BUD	 (pushing the deck toward her) Cut.	FRAN	 (she does, and he starts dealing) So I came to New York and moved in with my sister and her husband -- he drives a cab. They sent me to secretarial school, and I applied for a job with Consolidated - but I flunked the typing test --	BUD	 Too slow?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 (pushing the deck toward her) Cut.	FRAN	 (she does, and he starts dealing) So I came to New York and moved in with my sister and her husband -- he drives a cab. They sent me to secretarial school, and I applied for a job with Consolidated - but I flunked the typing test --	BUD	 Too slow?	FRAN	 Oh. I can type up a storm, but I can't spell. So they gave me a pair of white gloves and stuck me in an elevator -- that's how I met Jeff -- (her eyes mist up, and she puts her cards down) Oh, God, I'm so fouled up. What am I going to do now?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Too slow?	FRAN	 Oh. I can type up a storm, but I can't spell. So they gave me a pair of white gloves and stuck me in an elevator -- that's how I met Jeff -- (her eyes mist up, and she puts her cards down) Oh, God, I'm so fouled up. What am I going to do now?	BUD	 You better win a hand -- you're on a blitz.	FRAN	 Was he really upset when you told him?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 No doubt about it.	FRAN	 (a thoughtful beat, then) Can I have that pad and the pencil?	BUD	 (handing her score pad and pencil) What for?	FRAN	 I'm going to write a letter to Mrs. Sheldrake.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 (a thoughtful beat, then) Can I have that pad and the pencil?	BUD	 (handing her score pad and pencil) What for?	FRAN	 I'm going to write a letter to Mrs. Sheldrake.	BUD	 You are?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Well, for one thing, you can't spell. And secondly -- if you did something like that -- you'd hate yourself.	FRAN	 (fighting back tears) I don't like myself very much anyway.	BUD	 Pick up your cards and let's go.	FRAN	 Do I have to?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 (muttering to himself) All right -- all right, Mrs. Dreyfuss.	KIRKEBY	 Hi, Baxter.	BUD	 (blocking the door) What do you want?			Apartment, The 
KIRKEBY	 Hi, Baxter.	BUD	 (blocking the door) What do you want?	KIRKEBY	 What do I -- ? (to Sylvia) Just a minute.	BUD	 You can't come in.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 (blocking the door) What do you want?	KIRKEBY	 What do I -- ? (to Sylvia) Just a minute.	BUD	 You can't come in.	KIRKEBY	 (closing the door behind him) What's the matter with you, Buddy- boy? I made a reservation for four o'clock, remember?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 You can't come in.	KIRKEBY	 (closing the door behind him) What's the matter with you, Buddy- boy? I made a reservation for four o'clock, remember?	BUD	 Look, you can't stay here. Just take your champagne and go.	KIRKEBY	 Baxter, I don't want to pull rank on you -- but I told the lady it was all set -- you want to make a liar out of me?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Are you going to leave, Mr. Kirkeby, or do I have to throw you out?	KIRKEBY	 Buddy-boy, why didn't you say so? (indicating dress) You got yourself a little playmate, huh?	BUD	 Now will you get out?			Apartment, The 
SYLVIA	 (knocking on the door) Hey, come on, what are we waiting for? Open up, will you?	DR. DREYFUSS	 (calling) Mildred --  !	SYLVIA	 (knocking on Baxter's door) What's holding things up?			Apartment, The 
DR. DREYFUSS	 (calling) Mildred --  !	SYLVIA	 (knocking on Baxter's door) What's holding things up?					Apartment, The 
BUD	 No!	KIRKEBY	 (grinning smugly) Well, I don't blame you. So you hit the jackpot, eh kid -- I mean, Kubelik-wise? (Bud opens the door, gestures him out) Don't worry. I won't say a word to anybody.					Apartment, The 
KIRKEBY	 Stay with it, Buddy-boy! (Bud shuts the door on him) Come on, Sylvia.	SYLVIA	 What gives?	KIRKEBY	 A little mixup in signals. Let's go.			Apartment, The 
SYLVIA	 Go where?	KIRKEBY	 (leading her toward stairs) What's your mother doing this afternoon?	SYLVIA	 She's home -- stuffing a turkey.	KIRKEBY	 Why don't we send her to a movie -- like Ben-Hur?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Just somebody delivering a bottle of champagne. Like some?	FRAN	 (shaking her head) Would you mind opening the window?	BUD	 Now don't go getting any ideas, Miss Kubelik.	FRAN	 I just want some fresh air.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 So they'll shoot me -- like a horse.	BUD	 (approaching the bed) Please, Miss Kubelik, you got to promise me you won't do anything foolish.	FRAN	 Who'd care?	BUD	 I would.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 I would.	FRAN	 (sleepily) Why can't I ever fall in love with somebody nice like you?	BUD	 (ruefully) Yeah. Well -- that's the way it crumbles, cookie-wise. Go to sleep.			Apartment, The 
FRAN	 (sleepily) Why can't I ever fall in love with somebody nice like you?	BUD	 (ruefully) Yeah. Well -- that's the way it crumbles, cookie-wise. Go to sleep.					Apartment, The 
SECRETARIES	 (ad lib) Good morning, Mr. Sheldrake.	SHELDRAKE	 (ignoring them) Miss Olsen, will you come into my office, please?					Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 Thank you for giving that little pep talk to Miss Kubelik at the office party.	MISS OLSEN	 (dropping her business-like mask) I'm sorry, Jeff. You know I could never hold my liquor --	SHELDRAKE	 But I thought you could hold your tongue.	MISS OLSEN	 It won't happen again.	Apartment, The 
MISS OLSEN	 It won't happen again.	SHELDRAKE	 You bet it won't. I'll arrange for you to get a month's severance pay -- (she looks at him, uncomprehending) That's right, Miss Olsen. I'm letting you go.	MISS OLSEN	 (quietly) You let me go four years ago, Jeff. Only you were cruel enough to make me sit out there and watch the new models pass by.	SHELDRAKE	 I'd appreciate it if you'd be out of here as soon as you can.	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 You bet it won't. I'll arrange for you to get a month's severance pay -- (she looks at him, uncomprehending) That's right, Miss Olsen. I'm letting you go.	MISS OLSEN	 (quietly) You let me go four years ago, Jeff. Only you were cruel enough to make me sit out there and watch the new models pass by.	SHELDRAKE	 I'd appreciate it if you'd be out of here as soon as you can.	MISS OLSEN	 (formal again) Yes, Mr. Sheldrake.	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 I'd appreciate it if you'd be out of here as soon as you can.	MISS OLSEN	 (formal again) Yes, Mr. Sheldrake.	SHELDRAKE	 (into phone) This is Mr. Sheldrake. I'd like Mr. Baxter's home telephone number -- that's C.C. Baxter, in Ordinary Premium Accounting --			Apartment, The 
MISS OLSEN	 (formal again) Yes, Mr. Sheldrake.	SHELDRAKE	 (into phone) This is Mr. Sheldrake. I'd like Mr. Baxter's home telephone number -- that's C.C. Baxter, in Ordinary Premium Accounting --					Apartment, The 
BUD	 (looking off) Yes, she's in the shower -- she's coming along fine, considering.	SHELDRAKE	 Good. Is there anything you need -- money -- ?	BUD	 No, thank you, Mr. Sheldrake. As a matter of fact, I've got some money for you -- a hundred dollars --			Apartment, The 
BUD	 No, thank you, Mr. Sheldrake. As a matter of fact, I've got some money for you -- a hundred dollars --	SHELDRAKE	 Oh. (a beat) Well, if there's anything I can do for you --	BUD	 For me? I don't think so. But I was hoping maybe you could do something for her --	SHELDRAKE	 Like what? Put yourself in my place, Baxter -- how can I help her -- my hands are tied --	Apartment, The 
BUD	 There's a call for you --	FRAN	 (approaching) For me?	BUD	 -- Mr. Sheldrake.	FRAN	 I don't want to talk to him.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 I don't want to talk to him.	BUD	 I think you should. I have to run down to the grocery anyway -- all that's left around here is one frozen pizza -- (takes raincoat and old hat from hanger) I'll be right back -- okay?	FRAN	 (into phone) Hello, Jeff. (a long beat) Yes, I'm all right.	SHELDRAKE	 Fran, why did you do it? It's so childish -- and it never solves anything -- I ought to be very angry with you, scaring me like that -- but let's forget the whole thing -- pretend it never happened -- what do you say, Fran? (no answer) Fran --	Apartment, The 
BUD	 I think you should. I have to run down to the grocery anyway -- all that's left around here is one frozen pizza -- (takes raincoat and old hat from hanger) I'll be right back -- okay?	FRAN	 (into phone) Hello, Jeff. (a long beat) Yes, I'm all right.	SHELDRAKE	 Fran, why did you do it? It's so childish -- and it never solves anything -- I ought to be very angry with you, scaring me like that -- but let's forget the whole thing -- pretend it never happened -- what do you say, Fran? (no answer) Fran --			Apartment, The 
FRAN	 (into phone) Hello, Jeff. (a long beat) Yes, I'm all right.	SHELDRAKE	 Fran, why did you do it? It's so childish -- and it never solves anything -- I ought to be very angry with you, scaring me like that -- but let's forget the whole thing -- pretend it never happened -- what do you say, Fran? (no answer) Fran --					Apartment, The 
FRAN	 Of course I'm not here -- because the whole thing never happened -- I never took those pills -- I never loved you -- we never even met -- isn't that the way you want it?	SHELDRAKE	 There you go again -- you know I didn't mean it that way, Fran. Just get well -- do what the nurse tells you -- I mean Baxter -- and I'll see you as soon as I can. Bye, Fran. (he hangs up)					Apartment, The 
MRS. LIEBERMAN	 (breathlessly) Oh, Mr. Baxter -- I'm glad you're here -- I was just going to get the passkey.	BUD	 What for?	MRS. LIEBERMAN	 I thought I smelled gas coming from your apartment.			Apartment, The 
BUD	 Are you all right?	FRAN	 Sure. (sniffs) What's that funny smell?	BUD	 Gas. (indicating kitchen) Didn't you turn it on?	FRAN	 Yes. I was boiling some water to get the coffee stains out of my dress.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 Sure. (sniffs) What's that funny smell?	BUD	 Gas. (indicating kitchen) Didn't you turn it on?	FRAN	 Yes. I was boiling some water to get the coffee stains out of my dress.	BUD	 (accusingly) You turned it on -- but you didn't light it.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 Yes. I was boiling some water to get the coffee stains out of my dress.	BUD	 (accusingly) You turned it on -- but you didn't light it.	FRAN	 Are you supposed to?	BUD	 In this house, you're supposed to.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 I'd say. What's a tennis racquet doing in the kitchen?	BUD	 Tennis racquet? Oh, I remember -- I was cooking myself an Italian dinner. (Fran looks at him oddly) I used it to strain the spaghetti.	FRAN	 (thinking it over) Why not?	BUD	 As a matter of fact, I'm a pretty good cook -- but I'm a lousy housekeeper.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Tennis racquet? Oh, I remember -- I was cooking myself an Italian dinner. (Fran looks at him oddly) I used it to strain the spaghetti.	FRAN	 (thinking it over) Why not?	BUD	 As a matter of fact, I'm a pretty good cook -- but I'm a lousy housekeeper.	FRAN	 Yes, you are, (indicating the living room) When I was straightening up the couch, you know what I found? Six hairpins, a lipstick, a pair of false eyelashes, and a swizzle stick from the Stork Club.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 As a matter of fact, I'm a pretty good cook -- but I'm a lousy housekeeper.	FRAN	 Yes, you are, (indicating the living room) When I was straightening up the couch, you know what I found? Six hairpins, a lipstick, a pair of false eyelashes, and a swizzle stick from the Stork Club.	BUD	 (shrugging) It's just that I'm the kind of guy who can't say no -- I don't mean to girls -- I mean --	FRAN	 You mean to someone like Mr. Sheldrake.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 Yes, you are, (indicating the living room) When I was straightening up the couch, you know what I found? Six hairpins, a lipstick, a pair of false eyelashes, and a swizzle stick from the Stork Club.	BUD	 (shrugging) It's just that I'm the kind of guy who can't say no -- I don't mean to girls -- I mean --	FRAN	 You mean to someone like Mr. Sheldrake.	BUD	 I guess so.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 Some people take, some people get took -- and they know they're getting took -- and there's nothing they can do about it.	BUD	 I wouldn't say that -- (trying to change the subject) What would you like to have for diner? There's onion soup and canned asparagus --	FRAN	 I really ought to be getting home. My family will be flipping by now.	BUD	 You can't leave yet. The doctor says it takes forty-eight hours to get the stuff out of your system.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 You can't leave yet. The doctor says it takes forty-eight hours to get the stuff out of your system.	FRAN	 (wistfully) I wonder how long it takes to get someone you're stuck on out of your system? If they'd only invent some kind of a pump for that --	BUD	 I know how you feel, Miss Kubelik. You think it's the end of the world -- but it's not, really. I went through exactly the same thing myself.	FRAN	 You did?	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 No, I don't.	BUD	 Anyway, I parked the car and loaded the gun -- well, you read in the papers all the time that people shoot themselves, but believe me, it's not that easy -- I mean, how do you do it? -- here, or here, or here -- (with cocked finger, he points to his temple, mouth and chest) -- you know where I finally shot myself?	FRAN	 Where?	BUD	 (indicating kneecap) Here.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 Where?	BUD	 (indicating kneecap) Here.	FRAN	 In the knee?	BUD	 Uh-huh. While I was sitting there, trying to make my mind up, a cop stuck his head in the car, because I was illegally parked -- so I started to hide the gun under the seat and it went off -- pow!	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Uh-huh. While I was sitting there, trying to make my mind up, a cop stuck his head in the car, because I was illegally parked -- so I started to hide the gun under the seat and it went off -- pow!	FRAN	 (laughing) That's terrible.	BUD	 Yeah. Took me a year before I could bend my knee -- but I got over the girl in three weeks. She still lives in Cincinnati, has four kids, gained twenty pounds -- she sends me a fruit cake every Christmas.	FRAN	 (suddenly suspicious) Are you just making that up to make me feel better?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Yeah. Took me a year before I could bend my knee -- but I got over the girl in three weeks. She still lives in Cincinnati, has four kids, gained twenty pounds -- she sends me a fruit cake every Christmas.	FRAN	 (suddenly suspicious) Are you just making that up to make me feel better?	BUD	 Of course not. Here's the fruit cake. (shows it to her under Christmas tree) And you want to see my knee? (starts to raise pant-leg)	FRAN	 No, thanks. The fellows in the office may get the wrong idea how I found out.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 (suddenly suspicious) Are you just making that up to make me feel better?	BUD	 Of course not. Here's the fruit cake. (shows it to her under Christmas tree) And you want to see my knee? (starts to raise pant-leg)	FRAN	 No, thanks. The fellows in the office may get the wrong idea how I found out.	BUD	 So let 'em. Look, I'm going to cook dinner for us. We'll have the fruit cake for dessert. You just sit there and rest. You've done enough for one day.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 So let 'em. Look, I'm going to cook dinner for us. We'll have the fruit cake for dessert. You just sit there and rest. You've done enough for one day.	FRAN	 (smiling) Yes, nurse.					Apartment, The 
MATUSCHKA	 My name is Karl Matuschka -- my sister-in-law, she runs one of the elevators here -- Fran Kubelik.	KIRKEBY	 (exchanging a glance with Dobisch) Miss Kubelik?	MATUSCHKA	 You know her?	DOBISCH	 Of course. There may be a lot of employees here -- but we're one big happy family.	Apartment, The 
MATUSCHKA	 Well, she lives with us -- and my wife, she's getting a little nervous -- on account of Fran hasn't been home for two days.	KIRKEBY	 (another look at Dobisch) That so.	MATUSCHKA	 Anyway, we was wondering if somebody in the office would know what happened to her.	DOBISCH	 I see. (to Kirkeby) What do you think, Al? Can we help the man?	Apartment, The 
MATUSCHKA	 Anyway, we was wondering if somebody in the office would know what happened to her.	DOBISCH	 I see. (to Kirkeby) What do you think, Al? Can we help the man?	KIRKEBY	 (after a pregnant pause) Why not? We don't owe Buddy-boy anything.	DOBISCH	 Yeah. What's Buddy-boy done for us lately?	Apartment, The 
DOBISCH	 I see. (to Kirkeby) What do you think, Al? Can we help the man?	KIRKEBY	 (after a pregnant pause) Why not? We don't owe Buddy-boy anything.	DOBISCH	 Yeah. What's Buddy-boy done for us lately?	MATUSCHKA	 (scowling) Who is Buddy-boy?	Apartment, The 
DOBISCH	 Yeah. What's Buddy-boy done for us lately?	MATUSCHKA	 (scowling) Who is Buddy-boy?					Apartment, The 
BUD	 No -- just come as you are.	FRAN	 (watching him) Say, you're pretty good with that racquet.	BUD	 You ought to see my backhand. (dumping spaghetti into platter) And wait till I serve the meatballs. (demonstrates)	FRAN	 Shall I light the candles?	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 (watching him) Say, you're pretty good with that racquet.	BUD	 You ought to see my backhand. (dumping spaghetti into platter) And wait till I serve the meatballs. (demonstrates)	FRAN	 Shall I light the candles?	BUD	 It's a must -- gracious-living-wise.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 You usually eat alone?	BUD	 Oh, no. Sometimes I have dinner with Ed Sullivan, sometimes with Dinah Shore or Perry Como -- the other night I had dinner with Mae West -- of course, she was much younger then. (toasting) Cheers.	FRAN	 Cheers.	BUD	 You know what we're going to do after dinner?	Apartment, The 
MATUSCHKA	 What's with you, Fran -- did you forget where you live?	FRAN	 (to Bud) This is my brother-in-law, Karl Matuschka.	BUD	 (friendly) How do you do, Mr. Matuschka?	MATUSCHKA	 (pushing Bud away; to Fran) Okay, get your clothes on. I got the cab downstairs.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 (to Bud) This is my brother-in-law, Karl Matuschka.	BUD	 (friendly) How do you do, Mr. Matuschka?	MATUSCHKA	 (pushing Bud away; to Fran) Okay, get your clothes on. I got the cab downstairs.	BUD	 Now, wait a minute. I know what you're thinking -- but it's not as bad as it looks --	Apartment, The 
BUD	 (friendly) How do you do, Mr. Matuschka?	MATUSCHKA	 (pushing Bud away; to Fran) Okay, get your clothes on. I got the cab downstairs.	BUD	 Now, wait a minute. I know what you're thinking -- but it's not as bad as it looks --	MATUSCHKA	 (shoving him away) It's none of my business what you do, Fran -- you're over twenty- one -- but your sister happens to think you're a lady.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Now, wait a minute. I know what you're thinking -- but it's not as bad as it looks --	MATUSCHKA	 (shoving him away) It's none of my business what you do, Fran -- you're over twenty- one -- but your sister happens to think you're a lady.	BUD	 All we were going to do is eat and wash the dishes --	MATUSCHKA	 (grabbing him) Look, Buddy-boy -- if there wasn't a lady present, I'd clobber you.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 All we were going to do is eat and wash the dishes --	MATUSCHKA	 (grabbing him) Look, Buddy-boy -- if there wasn't a lady present, I'd clobber you.	FRAN	 (separating them) All right, Karl -- I'll get dressed.	BUD	 Care for a martini? Champagne? (Matuschka continues glaring at him) How about a little spaghetti with meat sauce? Made it myself. (Matuschka just scowls) Your sister-in-law sure is terrific -- (realizes his mistake; switching abruptly) Must be murder driving a cab in New York -- I mean, with all that cross-town traffic --	Apartment, The 
MATUSCHKA	 (grabbing him) Look, Buddy-boy -- if there wasn't a lady present, I'd clobber you.	FRAN	 (separating them) All right, Karl -- I'll get dressed.	BUD	 Care for a martini? Champagne? (Matuschka continues glaring at him) How about a little spaghetti with meat sauce? Made it myself. (Matuschka just scowls) Your sister-in-law sure is terrific -- (realizes his mistake; switching abruptly) Must be murder driving a cab in New York -- I mean, with all that cross-town traffic --	DR. DREYFUSS	 Hi, Baxter.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 (separating them) All right, Karl -- I'll get dressed.	BUD	 Care for a martini? Champagne? (Matuschka continues glaring at him) How about a little spaghetti with meat sauce? Made it myself. (Matuschka just scowls) Your sister-in-law sure is terrific -- (realizes his mistake; switching abruptly) Must be murder driving a cab in New York -- I mean, with all that cross-town traffic --	DR. DREYFUSS	 Hi, Baxter.	DR. DREYFUSS	 How's the patient?	Apartment, The 
DR. DREYFUSS	 How's the patient?	BUD	 (quickly) Oh, I'm fine, Doc.	DR. DREYFUSS	 Not you -- Miss Kubelik.	MATUSCHKA	 (stepping forward) What's the matter with Miss Kubelik?	Apartment, The 
DR. DREYFUSS	 Not you -- Miss Kubelik.	MATUSCHKA	 (stepping forward) What's the matter with Miss Kubelik?	BUD	 Oh, this is Mr. Matuschka -- he's Miss Kubelik's -- he's got a cab downstairs --	MATUSCHKA	 (to Dreyfuss) Fran been sick or something?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Oh, this is Mr. Matuschka -- he's Miss Kubelik's -- he's got a cab downstairs --	MATUSCHKA	 (to Dreyfuss) Fran been sick or something?	BUD	 No, no -- just had a little accident.	MATUSCHKA	 (to Dreyfuss) What does he mean, accident?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 No, no -- just had a little accident.	MATUSCHKA	 (to Dreyfuss) What does he mean, accident?	DR. DREYFUSS	 Well, these things happen all the time --	MATUSCHKA	 What things? (grabbing Dreyfuss) Say, what kind of doctor are you, anyway?	Apartment, The 
DR. DREYFUSS	 Well, these things happen all the time --	MATUSCHKA	 What things? (grabbing Dreyfuss) Say, what kind of doctor are you, anyway?	BUD	 (hastily) Oh, not that kind. He just gave her a shot and pumped her stomach out --	MATUSCHKA	 What for?	Apartment, The 
MATUSCHKA	 What things? (grabbing Dreyfuss) Say, what kind of doctor are you, anyway?	BUD	 (hastily) Oh, not that kind. He just gave her a shot and pumped her stomach out --	MATUSCHKA	 What for?	FRAN	 (coming up) Because I took some sleeping pills. But I'm all right now -- so let's go.	Apartment, The 
MATUSCHKA	 What for?	FRAN	 (coming up) Because I took some sleeping pills. But I'm all right now -- so let's go.	MATUSCHKA	 Why did you take sleeping pills?	BUD	 (promptly) On account of me.	Apartment, The 
MATUSCHKA	 Why did you take sleeping pills?	BUD	 (promptly) On account of me.	MATUSCHKA	 (whirling on him) You?	BUD	 Who else?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 (promptly) On account of me.	MATUSCHKA	 (whirling on him) You?	BUD	 Who else?	FRAN	 Leave him alone, Karl.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 Goodbye, doctor.	DR. DREYFUSS	 I don't want to gloat, but just between us, you had that coming to you. (tilts Bud's chin up, examines his eye) Tch, tch, tch. Are you going to have a shiner tomorrow. Let me get my bag. (he starts out)	BUD	 (calling after him) Don't bother, Doc. It doesn't hurt a bit.			Apartment, The 
DR. DREYFUSS	 I don't want to gloat, but just between us, you had that coming to you. (tilts Bud's chin up, examines his eye) Tch, tch, tch. Are you going to have a shiner tomorrow. Let me get my bag. (he starts out)	BUD	 (calling after him) Don't bother, Doc. It doesn't hurt a bit.					Apartment, The 
DOBISCH	 Hit by a swinging door? Or maybe a Yellow Cab?	KIRKEBY	 (as they move away from the elevators) That guy really must've belted him.	DOBISCH	 Yeah, he's punchy. Talking to himself.			Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 And I've got good news for you, Baxter. All your troubles are over.	BUD	 (reacting to the echo) Sir?	SHELDRAKE	 I know how worried you were about Miss Kubelik -- well, stop worrying -- I'm going to take her off your hands.	BUD	 (stunned) You're going to take her off my hands?	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 I know how worried you were about Miss Kubelik -- well, stop worrying -- I'm going to take her off your hands.	BUD	 (stunned) You're going to take her off my hands?	SHELDRAKE	 That's right. (indicating suitcases) I've moved out of my house -- I'm going to be staying in town, at the Athletic Club.	BUD	 You left your wife?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 (stunned) You're going to take her off my hands?	SHELDRAKE	 That's right. (indicating suitcases) I've moved out of my house -- I'm going to be staying in town, at the Athletic Club.	BUD	 You left your wife?	SHELDRAKE	 Well, if you must know -- I fired my secretary, my secretary got to my wife, and my wife fired me. Ain't that a kick in the head?	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 Now what was your news, Baxter?	BUD	 (recovering with difficulty) It's about Miss Kubelik -- she's all right again -- so she went back home.	SHELDRAKE	 Swell. And don't think I've forgotten what you did for me. (opens door to adjoining office) This way, Baxter.			Apartment, The 
BUD	 (recovering with difficulty) It's about Miss Kubelik -- she's all right again -- so she went back home.	SHELDRAKE	 Swell. And don't think I've forgotten what you did for me. (opens door to adjoining office) This way, Baxter.					Apartment, The 
BUD	 Mine?	SHELDRAKE	 My assistant, Roy Thompson, has been shifted to the Denver office, and you're taking his place. (no reaction from Bud) What's the matter, Baxter? You don't seem very excited.	BUD	 Well, it's just that so many things have been happening so fast -- I'm very pleased -- especially for Miss Kubelik. Now that I've gotten to know her better, I think she's the kind of girl that definitely ought to be married to somebody --	SHELDRAKE	 Oh, sure, sure. But first the property settlement has to be worked out -- then it takes six weeks in Reno -- meanwhile, I'm going to enjoy being a bachelor for a while. (starts back toward his own office) Oh, by the way, you can now have lunch in the executive dining room --	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Well, it's just that so many things have been happening so fast -- I'm very pleased -- especially for Miss Kubelik. Now that I've gotten to know her better, I think she's the kind of girl that definitely ought to be married to somebody --	SHELDRAKE	 Oh, sure, sure. But first the property settlement has to be worked out -- then it takes six weeks in Reno -- meanwhile, I'm going to enjoy being a bachelor for a while. (starts back toward his own office) Oh, by the way, you can now have lunch in the executive dining room --	BUD	 Yes, sir.	SHELDRAKE	 That's just one of the privileges that goes with this job. You also get a nice little expense account, the use of the executive washroom -- (breaks off, peers at Bud's face) Say, what happened to you, Baxter?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Yes, sir.	SHELDRAKE	 That's just one of the privileges that goes with this job. You also get a nice little expense account, the use of the executive washroom -- (breaks off, peers at Bud's face) Say, what happened to you, Baxter?	BUD	 I got kicked in the head, too.	SHELDRAKE	 Oh?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Nothing's changed. You know, we never finished that gin game --	FRAN	 I know. (a beat) I suppose you heard about Mr. Sheldrake --?	BUD	 You mean, leaving his wife? Yeah. I'm very happy for you.	FRAN	 I never thought he'd do it.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 I guess so.	BUD	 For that matter, you were wrong about me, too. What you said about those who take and those who get took? Well, Mr. Sheldrake wasn't using me -- I was using him. See? (indicating his name on directory) Last month I was at desk 861 on the nineteenth floor -- now I'm on the twenty-seventh floor, paneled office, three windows -- so it all worked out fine -- we're both getting what we want.	FRAN	 Yes. (looks at her watch) You walking to the subway?	BUD	 No, thank you. (fumbling) I -- well, to tell you the truth -- (glancing around lobby) -- I have this heavy date for tonight --	Apartment, The 
BUD	 For that matter, you were wrong about me, too. What you said about those who take and those who get took? Well, Mr. Sheldrake wasn't using me -- I was using him. See? (indicating his name on directory) Last month I was at desk 861 on the nineteenth floor -- now I'm on the twenty-seventh floor, paneled office, three windows -- so it all worked out fine -- we're both getting what we want.	FRAN	 Yes. (looks at her watch) You walking to the subway?	BUD	 No, thank you. (fumbling) I -- well, to tell you the truth -- (glancing around lobby) -- I have this heavy date for tonight --	FRAN	 Oh.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 Yes. (looks at her watch) You walking to the subway?	BUD	 No, thank you. (fumbling) I -- well, to tell you the truth -- (glancing around lobby) -- I have this heavy date for tonight --	FRAN	 Oh.	BUD	 Aren't you meeting Mr. Sheldrake?	Apartment, The 
BOOTBLACK	 Much obliged.	BUD	 (putting charts on desk) Here's the breakdown of figures on personnel turnover. Thirty-seven percent of our female employees leave to get married, twenty-two percent quit because --	SHELDRAKE	 (breaking in) You're working too hard, Baxter. It's New Year's Eve -- relax.	BUD	 Yes, sir.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 (putting charts on desk) Here's the breakdown of figures on personnel turnover. Thirty-seven percent of our female employees leave to get married, twenty-two percent quit because --	SHELDRAKE	 (breaking in) You're working too hard, Baxter. It's New Year's Eve -- relax.	BUD	 Yes, sir.	SHELDRAKE	 I suppose you'll be on the town tonight -- celebrating?	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 How's that again?	BUD	 (flatly) No key!	SHELDRAKE	 Baxter, I picked you for my team because I thought you were a bright young man. You realize what you're doing? Not to me -- but to yourself. Normally it takes years to work your way up to the twenty-seventh floor -- but it takes only thirty seconds to be out on the street again. You dig?	BUD	 (nodding slowly) I dig.	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 Baxter, I picked you for my team because I thought you were a bright young man. You realize what you're doing? Not to me -- but to yourself. Normally it takes years to work your way up to the twenty-seventh floor -- but it takes only thirty seconds to be out on the street again. You dig?	BUD	 (nodding slowly) I dig.	SHELDRAKE	 So what's it going to be?	SHELDRAKE	 Now you're being bright?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 No I didn't.	SHELDRAKE	 (holding it out) But this is the key to the executive washroom.	BUD	 That's right, Mr. Sheldrake. I won't be needing it -- because I'm all washed up around here.	SHELDRAKE	 What's gotten into you, Baxter?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Sure, Doc.	DR. DREYFUSS	 (stepping inside) How come you're alone on New Year's Eve?	BUD	 Well, I have things to do --	DR. DREYFUSS	 (noticing cartons) What's this -- you packing?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Well, I have things to do --	DR. DREYFUSS	 (noticing cartons) What's this -- you packing?	BUD	 Yeah -- I'm giving up the apartment.	DR. DREYFUSS	 Where are you moving to?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 No, thanks -- I don't feel like it. Look, Doc -- in case I don't see you again -- how much do I owe you for taking care of that girl?	DR. DREYFUSS	 Forget it -- I didn't do it as a doctor -- I did it as a neighbor. (stopping in doorway) By the way, whatever happened to her?	BUD	 (airily) You know me with girls. Easy come, easy go. Goodbye, Doc.	DR. DREYFUSS	 Happy New Year.	Apartment, The 
DR. DREYFUSS	 Forget it -- I didn't do it as a doctor -- I did it as a neighbor. (stopping in doorway) By the way, whatever happened to her?	BUD	 (airily) You know me with girls. Easy come, easy go. Goodbye, Doc.	DR. DREYFUSS	 Happy New Year.			Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 I know it's a drag -- but you can't find a hotel room in town -- not on New Year's Eve.	FRAN	 (a long look at Sheldrake) Ring out the old year, ring in the new. Ring-a-ding-ding.	SHELDRAKE	 I didn't plan it this way, Fran -- actually, it's all Baxter's fault.	FRAN	 Baxter?	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 Just walked out on me -- quit -- threw that big fat job right in my face.	FRAN	 (a faint smile) The nerve.	SHELDRAKE	 That little punk -- after all I did for him! He said I couldn't bring anybody to his apartment -- especially not Miss Kubelik. What's he got against you, anyway?	FRAN	 (a faraway look in her eye) I don't know. I guess that's the way it crumbles -- cookie-wise.	Apartment, The 
SHELDRAKE	 That little punk -- after all I did for him! He said I couldn't bring anybody to his apartment -- especially not Miss Kubelik. What's he got against you, anyway?	FRAN	 (a faraway look in her eye) I don't know. I guess that's the way it crumbles -- cookie-wise.	SHELDRAKE	 What are you talking about?	FRAN	 I'd spell it out for you -- only I can't spell.	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 Mind if I come in?	BUD	 (still stunned) Of course not.					Apartment, The 
BUD	 Let me get another glass.	FRAN	 (looking around) Where are you going?	BUD	 Who knows? Another neighborhood -- another town -- another job -- I'm on my own.	FRAN	 That's funny -- so am I. (Bud, pouring champagne, looks up at her) What did you do with the cards?	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Who knows? Another neighborhood -- another town -- another job -- I'm on my own.	FRAN	 That's funny -- so am I. (Bud, pouring champagne, looks up at her) What did you do with the cards?	BUD	 (indicating carton) In there.	BUD	 What about Mr. Sheldrake?	Apartment, The 
FRAN	 That's funny -- so am I. (Bud, pouring champagne, looks up at her) What did you do with the cards?	BUD	 (indicating carton) In there.	BUD	 What about Mr. Sheldrake?	FRAN	 I'm going to send him a fruit cake every Christmas.	Apartment, The 
BUD	 I love you, Miss Kubelik.	FRAN	 (cutting a card) Seven -- (looking at Bud's card) -- queen.	BUD	 Did you hear what I said, Miss Kubelik? I absolutely adore you.	FRAN	 (smiling) Shut up and deal!	Apartment, The 
BUD	 Did you hear what I said, Miss Kubelik? I absolutely adore you.	FRAN	 (smiling) Shut up and deal!	THE END				Apartment, The 
