SWEET COED		(SHYLY)	 Hi... My name is Mary O'Reilly O'Toole O'Shea and...over there is the island my friend Muffy owns... It's spring break... and she's invited us over for the weekend, and we're waiting for the ferry now to take us there... (blushing, mortified to cameraman) I don't know what else to say!	CAMERAMAN (CHAZ'S VOICE)	 Tell us something about yourself.	SWEET COED	 Something about myself? Oh, Gee... (composing herself, earnestly) Well, I want to work with handicapped children... My parents are my best Friends... Next semester I start convent school, and I... fuck on the first date. O.S. her friends explode with LAUGHTER. Brassy former deb NIKKI BRASHEARS gives us a big, wet wink, dropping the act.	April Fool's Day 
CAMERAMAN (CHAZ'S VOICE)	 Tell us something about yourself.	SWEET COED	 Something about myself? Oh, Gee... (composing herself, earnestly) Well, I want to work with handicapped children... My parents are my best Friends... Next semester I start convent school, and I... fuck on the first date. O.S. her friends explode with LAUGHTER. Brassy former deb NIKKI BRASHEARS gives us a big, wet wink, dropping the act.	SWEET COED/NIKKI	 April Fool...	CHAZ'S VOICE	 Whoo! Outrageous woman! Nikki, you are my kind o' gal! He PANS THE CAMERA over to KIT-- a pretty, unaffected, natural beauty, bright and very much aware.	April Fool's Day 
KIT	 Pass.	CHAZ'S VOICE	 C'mon , Arch? Skip? He PANS over to the other two college boys on the dock here - ARCH, a big, good-natured, easygoing WASP jock (rugby and crew); and SKIP, Mr. Preppy, the perfect image of the lazy spoiled, indulged, and reckless upper-crust kid. Skip also happens to be Muffy's cousin.	ARCH	 (ponders it with due consideration) Yeah, sure... I fuck on the first date... Skip cracks up. Arch's laughter follows.	NIKKI (O.S.)	 Where's Rob? Chaz QUICK-PANS the camera back to Kit, following the action.	April Fool's Day 
CHAZ'S VOICE	 C'mon , Arch? Skip? He PANS over to the other two college boys on the dock here - ARCH, a big, good-natured, easygoing WASP jock (rugby and crew); and SKIP, Mr. Preppy, the perfect image of the lazy spoiled, indulged, and reckless upper-crust kid. Skip also happens to be Muffy's cousin.	ARCH	 (ponders it with due consideration) Yeah, sure... I fuck on the first date... Skip cracks up. Arch's laughter follows.	NIKKI (O.S.)	 Where's Rob? Chaz QUICK-PANS the camera back to Kit, following the action.	CHAZ'S VOICE	 (teasing, with innuendo) Yeah, Kit, where is he?	April Fool's Day 
NIKKI (O.S.)	 Where's Rob? Chaz QUICK-PANS the camera back to Kit, following the action.	CHAZ'S VOICE	 (teasing, with innuendo) Yeah, Kit, where is he?	ARCH (O.S.)		(MORE TEASING)	 Oh, Kit... Concerned, Kit keeps her humor anyway, waving the lens away again.	April Fool's Day 
KIT	 Oh, c'mon, Chaz, give me some room, will you? He does, finally shutting down the videopak. The image reverts to FILM again.	NIKKI	 (looks at her, persisting)					April Fool's Day 
(ABASHED)	 Thanks... for the lift, I mean...	SUBURBAN LADY	 (smiles, no reason for disappointment) It was a real lift for me, too, hon. A late model Detroit sedan slows at the intersection, turning off the highway to take the junction in the direction Rob is going. A road sign indicates: "BAR HARBOR MOUNT DESERT" in another direction. Rob hefts his gear, hurrying to flag the sedan. The Volvo wagon continues on, braking for the next undergraduate male hitchhiking down the road.					April Fool's Day 
MUFFY	 Shit.	CLARA'S VOICE	 Need any help down there? Clara comes clopping down the steps. Muffy turns, the mannequin's arm still in her hand. Old workclothes and a head kerchief take the place of Muffy's normally impeccable prep Seven Sisters outfit (including the regulation penny loafers) in all this dust. Early 20's, pretty in an off-beat sort of way, Muffy is every inch a blue-blood.	MUFFY	 (puffing with the effort) No, Clara, thanks. Just trying some last minute straightening down here... god, I don't think I've ever worked so hard in my life...!	CLARA	 Sure you don't want me to stay? There's nobody gonna be around here to help till first ferry back Monday, y'know...	April Fool's Day 
CLARA'S VOICE	 Need any help down there? Clara comes clopping down the steps. Muffy turns, the mannequin's arm still in her hand. Old workclothes and a head kerchief take the place of Muffy's normally impeccable prep Seven Sisters outfit (including the regulation penny loafers) in all this dust. Early 20's, pretty in an off-beat sort of way, Muffy is every inch a blue-blood.	MUFFY	 (puffing with the effort) No, Clara, thanks. Just trying some last minute straightening down here... god, I don't think I've ever worked so hard in my life...!	CLARA	 Sure you don't want me to stay? There's nobody gonna be around here to help till first ferry back Monday, y'know...	MUFFY	 (continuing with her work) Nope, you're a peach, Clara. But this one's mine. I told my father I'd do it, and I will. My way. I don't want him to have any excuses.	April Fool's Day 
CLARA	 Sure you don't want me to stay? There's nobody gonna be around here to help till first ferry back Monday, y'know...	MUFFY	 (continuing with her work) Nope, you're a peach, Clara. But this one's mine. I told my father I'd do it, and I will. My way. I don't want him to have any excuses.	CLARA	 (dubiously , turning to go) All right, then. Have a nice party.	MUFFY	 (a buoyant laugh) Nice? It has to be better than nice... it's gotta be bloody unforgettable! Clara climbs the stairs.	April Fool's Day 
MUFFY	 (continuing with her work) Nope, you're a peach, Clara. But this one's mine. I told my father I'd do it, and I will. My way. I don't want him to have any excuses.	CLARA	 (dubiously , turning to go) All right, then. Have a nice party.	MUFFY	 (a buoyant laugh) Nice? It has to be better than nice... it's gotta be bloody unforgettable! Clara climbs the stairs.	CLARA	 Good luck.	April Fool's Day 
CLARA	 (dubiously , turning to go) All right, then. Have a nice party.	MUFFY	 (a buoyant laugh) Nice? It has to be better than nice... it's gotta be bloody unforgettable! Clara climbs the stairs.	CLARA	 Good luck.	MUFFY (CONT)	 Bye, Clara. See you Monday. Soon there's the upstairs SOUND of the kitchen door closing behind Clara. Muffy finally props the mannequin, clearing away the remaining clutter. She goes to open a basement window for ventilation. It is a ground-level transom, hinged at the top. Through it Clara is visible departing the grounds. Then Muffy hears a DRIPPING. She turns, hesitating, and follows the sounds.	April Fool's Day 
NAN	 Nan Youngblood.	NIKKI	 (needling, about the suitcase) Planning on staying a while?	NAN	 (flushes, embarrassed) Oh, no... just some work for finals, when we get back... you don't know how far behind I am... Arch outhustles Chaz for her bag. Her simple attractiveness exerts an appeal.	ARCH	 Hi. Arch Cummings . I've seen you around. Jewett Hall, right?	April Fool's Day 
NIKKI	 (needling, about the suitcase) Planning on staying a while?	NAN	 (flushes, embarrassed) Oh, no... just some work for finals, when we get back... you don't know how far behind I am... Arch outhustles Chaz for her bag. Her simple attractiveness exerts an appeal.	ARCH	 Hi. Arch Cummings . I've seen you around. Jewett Hall, right?	CHAZ	 Chaz Vyshinsky. You got great legs.	April Fool's Day 
CHAZ	 Chaz Vyshinsky. You got great legs.	NIKKI	 (pointed1y, reminds him) Chaz, Arch already has her bag. Meaning, Chaz is Nikki's man, especially for this weekend.	NAN	 (volunteering, happily) Well, I only met Muffy this term in Drama Society . I volunteered to do their costumes... I like to sew... Did you see her in Ghosts? She's so talented. She was wonderful!	SKIP	 (to Nan, approvingly; in greeting) Congratulations, on finding your way. The landing BUMPS, the ferry touches down. They look up.	April Fool's Day 
NIKKI	 (pointed1y, reminds him) Chaz, Arch already has her bag. Meaning, Chaz is Nikki's man, especially for this weekend.	NAN	 (volunteering, happily) Well, I only met Muffy this term in Drama Society . I volunteered to do their costumes... I like to sew... Did you see her in Ghosts? She's so talented. She was wonderful!	SKIP	 (to Nan, approvingly; in greeting) Congratulations, on finding your way. The landing BUMPS, the ferry touches down. They look up.	ANGLE CHANGE		April Fool's Day 
NAN	 (volunteering, happily) Well, I only met Muffy this term in Drama Society . I volunteered to do their costumes... I like to sew... Did you see her in Ghosts? She's so talented. She was wonderful!	SKIP	 (to Nan, approvingly; in greeting) Congratulations, on finding your way. The landing BUMPS, the ferry touches down. They look up.	ANGLE CHANGE		FERRYMAN		April Fool's Day 
FERRYMAN		(BARKS)	 Stand clear! The large, raw-boned FERRYMAN holds open the wooden stile for the one and only passenger from the island  Clara -- to disembark. Clara passes them , giving first Skip and then the others a look, shaking her head in sad appraisal. FERRYMAN (cont.)	(GROWLS)	 Ok, let's go. It's not the friendliest greeting in the world. The ferryman keeps the stile open for them to board singly. There is also a younger assistant on board -- BUCK, a pleasant, openfaced townie in his 20s. FERRYMAN (cont.) To the rear. Outa the operator's way. Nikki clutches at Skip's arm.	NIKKI		April Fool's Day 
(BARKS)	 Stand clear! The large, raw-boned FERRYMAN holds open the wooden stile for the one and only passenger from the island  Clara -- to disembark. Clara passes them , giving first Skip and then the others a look, shaking her head in sad appraisal. FERRYMAN (cont.)	(GROWLS)	 Ok, let's go. It's not the friendliest greeting in the world. The ferryman keeps the stile open for them to board singly. There is also a younger assistant on board -- BUCK, a pleasant, openfaced townie in his 20s. FERRYMAN (cont.) To the rear. Outa the operator's way. Nikki clutches at Skip's arm.	NIKKI		(IN MOCK-TERROR)	 This is it? No going back? Trapped for days on an island where men are men, and women oughta know better?	April Fool's Day 
(SUGGESTIVE )	 You could tie me in chains... Chaz boards, passing Buck, the assistant.	CHAZ	 (a low whisper) Your fly's open, and your Hostess Twinkie's hanging out... The assistant gapes, falling for it, groping his fly. Which is closed, of course. He looks up, grinning. Chaz kisses him on the cheek, winks and moves on.	BUCK	 Sh -i-i-t... Kit is hanging back on the dock.	FERRYMAN	 Come on if you're coming.	April Fool's Day 
HARVEY	 Wait up! Harvey is the driver of the sedan, and after he carefully locks up, he comes running with his bag, too. He is a rangy, straight-arrow Ivy League farmboy from the Border South, and he's the last of Muffy's invited guests. He also, somewhat incongruously, sports a Bruce Springsteen badge.	ROB	 (to Kit, kissing her) Sorry... Nik, Chaz... (to Skip and Nan whom he doesn't know) Rob Ferris... They return greetings.	HARVEY		(RIGHT BEHIND )	 Hi! Harvey 'Hal' Edison, Jr., but please call me Hal. Only my folks call me Harve... and I can't stand it. Boy, this sure is a pretty spot. Stylistically, he's a Martian. Chaz stares at him.	April Fool's Day 
NIKKI	 I get it. That's a joke. Preppy Skip adds his greeting.	SKIP	 (an ironical nod) Harve.	HARVEY	 (correcting him, blithely) Hal... (noticing interest his badge) Springsteen, he's still the Boss!	FERRYMAN		April Fool's Day 
SKIP	 (an ironical nod) Harve.	HARVEY	 (correcting him, blithely) Hal... (noticing interest his badge) Springsteen, he's still the Boss!	FERRYMAN		(IMPATIENTLY)	 Ok, c'mon, I don't have all day. He slams the stile down after Harvey, the last to board, and gets busy with the stubborn motor. His assistant helps. Chaz tapes.	April Fool's Day 
(IMPATIENTLY)	 Ok, c'mon, I don't have all day. He slams the stile down after Harvey, the last to board, and gets busy with the stubborn motor. His assistant helps. Chaz tapes.	HARVEY	 (enthusiastically, putting down his fear) YOU all buddies?	NIKKI	 Except for Skip and Nan. Them we just met.	KIT		April Fool's Day 
(MEANING SKIP)	 Watch what you say around him, though. He's Muffy's cousin.	HARVEY	 (tickled, to Skip) No kiddin'?	SKIP	 Distant. Over the horizon. Otherwise, I wouldn't be invited... (frowns, tellingly) Old money never mixes family with friends.	NIKKI	 This is true. For as long as I've known her.	April Fool's Day 
HARVEY	 (tickled, to Skip) No kiddin'?	SKIP	 Distant. Over the horizon. Otherwise, I wouldn't be invited... (frowns, tellingly) Old money never mixes family with friends.	NIKKI	 This is true. For as long as I've known her.	KIT		April Fool's Day 
SKIP		(UNSMILING)	 To keep her friends. He turns to Arch, holds up his hand, and CLICK, a switchblade opens into the lens. SKIP (cont.) Choose your weapons, big guy.	ARCH	 (nervously, a laugh) Hey, what's this...?	SKIP	 You up for a game of stretch?	April Fool's Day 
(UNSMILING)	 To keep her friends. He turns to Arch, holds up his hand, and CLICK, a switchblade opens into the lens. SKIP (cont.) Choose your weapons, big guy.	ARCH	 (nervously, a laugh) Hey, what's this...?	SKIP	 You up for a game of stretch?	CHAZ	 (still taping, to Skip) Your fly's open.	April Fool's Day 
SKIP	 You up for a game of stretch?	CHAZ	 (still taping, to Skip) Your fly's open.	SKIP	 Eat it.	CHAZ	 (undaunted, to Rob) Your fly's open.	April Fool's Day 
SKIP	 Eat it.	CHAZ	 (undaunted, to Rob) Your fly's open.	(SHRUGS)	 Ok, so don't believe me. He keeps the tape rolling. Rob discreetly looks down. His fly is open. Kit looks at him dubiously. Rob zips. Chaz beams, getting it all for posterity. The engine finally engages. The ferry lurches.	ROB	 (smiles weakly to Kit) We're off! They are indeed. The ferry pulls away from the mainland.	April Fool's Day 
(SHRUGS)	 Ok, so don't believe me. He keeps the tape rolling. Rob discreetly looks down. His fly is open. Kit looks at him dubiously. Rob zips. Chaz beams, getting it all for posterity. The engine finally engages. The ferry lurches.	ROB	 (smiles weakly to Kit) We're off! They are indeed. The ferry pulls away from the mainland.					April Fool's Day 
(SHOWS HER)	 Suck and fuck. Naked bodies writhing in heat. Women with their tongues sticking out in desparate desire... Nan tries to control her reaction to his stack of graphic pornographic video catalogues and magazines.	CHAZ (CONT)	 The origins of American pornographic film. I'm taking an independent study this term. (the passion and commitment show) My advisor's really behind me on it. We're not gonna be sheltered college kids all our lives. Someday I'm gonna have kids -- you're gonna have kids  and someday that kid's gonna come up to me and say, 'God, Dad, porn's really a major part of our lives. You were there, how'd it get started?' I wanna be able to answer their questions.	(SMILES)	 Besides, it's research I can do by myself.	ROB AND KIT	 They keep their voices low.	April Fool's Day 
ROB	 You don't want me to hitch, you want me to buy a car. OK, but I'm a state university boy, I don't have the perks like some of you private college kids do.	KIT	 Oh, c'mon, don't pull that. Rob just drops his arms in frustration. KIT (cont.) I mean, it may show something about your attitude toward me, always being late.	ROB	 Kit... Arch's voice interrupts.	ARCH'S VOICE	 (annoyed, loudly, overriding the other conversations) Hey, I'm really not interested anymore --	April Fool's Day 
ROB	 Kit... Arch's voice interrupts.	ARCH'S VOICE	 (annoyed, loudly, overriding the other conversations) Hey, I'm really not interested anymore --	SKIP	 C'mon, just one more The others look up at the interruption.	ANGLE	 Arch pushes the knife back into Skip's hand, tired of playing knife- toss.	April Fool's Day 
SKIP	 Nan screams. Skip stumbles, teetering there at the edge of the ferry. Rob and Chaz leap to their feet. The ferrymen both look up in disbelief. Arch steps forward to help. But Skip, weaving, topples and splashes overboard. He goes under.	ARCH	 (panicked, hurrying to the side) I'll get him, I'll get him! But he stops just at the edge of the ferry, immobilized by fear. Rob rushes forward, with Chaz in reserve, pulling Arch out of the way. But Buck, the assistant ferryman, pre-empts them all, diving in. Arch, frozen, watches from the deck with the others. Buck resurfaces, but without any sign of Skip. Rob doesn't wait any longer. He pulls off his shoes and dives in. Chaz gets ready to follow suit. The panic mounts. Suddenly:	SKIP'S VOICE	 Hi, this what you're looking for?	THEY TURN;		April Fool's Day 
ARCH	 We got 'em! Whoo-ee, did we nail 'em!	CHAZ	 (as it dawns, to Skip) April Fools... you crazy jerks. You crazy motherfuckin' jerks... somebody could've gotten hurt out there! Relief descends. Rob isn't laughing. But nobody's more impressed than assistant Buck, still treading water.	BUCK		(GRINNING)		April Fool's Day 
(TO CHAZ)	 Well, at least we don't go in for this your-shoelaceis-untied crap!	ROB	 (dripping, to Arch and Skip) I owe you one.	SKIP	 (smiles, to Buck in the water) How's it goin' out there?	BUCK	 That was great!	April Fool's Day 
ROB	 (dripping, to Arch and Skip) I owe you one.	SKIP	 (smiles, to Buck in the water) How's it goin' out there?	BUCK	 That was great!	SKIP	 I was really counting on these other turkeys to save my ass.	April Fool's Day 
SKIP	 Sorry about that. But Buck's in no hurry. The ferryman steps forward.	FERRYMAN	 (unamused, to Buck) Ok, c'mon, get out. They are approaching the landing dock on the island.	FERRYMAN (CONT.)	 (to Buck, gruffly) C'mon I'm gonna need some help here. Buck obeys, but his way, enjoying it, ducking under the craft to swim to the other side to help.	FERRYMAN (CONT)	 And watch out for the wire! Too late. There's a sickening THUMP I The young assistant suddenly breaks the surface qf the water, panicked and stunned, gasping for air. It happens too fast for any of them to do anything. Buck thrashes, dazed, off-balance, falling back into the path of the ferry as it glides toward the landing.	April Fool's Day 
NIKKI	 On a clear day you can see the Kennedys.	CHAZ'S VOICE	 (from the dining room) Wow, look at this...!					April Fool's Day 
(GIGGLES)	 Just like in Agatha Cristie.	ARCH	 (in the spirit) And sporks...	HARVEY		(QUIETLY)	 Sporks?	April Fool's Day 
(ENTERING)	 The old-fashioned way. He inherited it.	NAN	 (meaningfully, with her Barbie) I used to have all her outfits.	CHAZ	 Don't anybody move! Chaz jumps back from the table, whipping out his videocam to record the moment, and panning them all at  .their respective places.	CHAZ (CONT)	 One of us in this room... (bellowing a mystery laugh) ...pulls his wang. He ends the pan on Arch, who gives him the finger.	April Fool's Day 
NIKKI	 Come on!	MUFFY	 It was only a weekend. It's over now. (beat, shrugs) I was curious.	KIT	 He wasn't married?	MUFFY		April Fool's Day 
(EXCITEDLY)	 Hey, no shit? You got early acceptance?	ROB	 (reddens, to Kit) We can talk about it some other time.	KIT	 Why? You had your meeting with your counselor, didn't you?	MUFFY		April Fool's Day 
NIKKI	 Because you're the hostess. Muffy thinks for a moment, then adds...	MUFFY	 In his "Life of Johnson" James Boswell said, "We cannot tell the precise moment when friendship is formed. As in filling a vessel drop by drop, there is at last a drop which makes it run over; so in a series of kindnesses, there is at last one which makes the heart run over." Arch has started to make snoring sounds. MUFFY (cont.) So with this toast may our hearts run over and our friendships be formed. They stand unanimously, raise their glasses in agreement, start to drink and spill it all down the front of their shirts. Dribble glasses. Everybody groans.	MUFFY		(GRINNING MISCHIEVOUSLY)		April Fool's Day 
NIKKI	 Another room.	(TURNS)	 Muffy... Muffy turns back to her. NIKKI (cont.) (beat, seriously) I know you and Arch had something going before I met him...	MUFFY		(SMILES)	 Arch is sweet, but he's only got two expressions. Collar up and collar down.	April Fool's Day 
ARCH (CONT.)	 You gotta be kiddin'...	CHAZ	 (unloading his gear). Unless Muffy knows something about us we don't. He blows Arch a kiss, pulling the two beds apart again.					April Fool's Day 
ARCH	 Um-hmm.	MUFFY	 (turning down his collar) Goodnight, Arch. Gently but firmly, she extricates herself, closing the bedroom door behind her.	ARCH	 Undaunted, he scuttles down the hall to Rob and Kit's closed door to listen in. He frowns, the slides farther down to Nikki's room, knocks once softly, and enters. Nikki is already occupied, however, with Chaz. She catches Arch's stare, signalling him to get the hell out.	REVERSE	 Arch valorously steps back, closing the door and returning to try Nan. The light underneath her door flicks off, however. The door is also locked. Arch curses, returning to his large but empty room. He slams the door for everybody's benefit.	April Fool's Day 
(DISTANTLY)	 Yes... Thank you... He pulls back from the door.	ROB	 (reluctantly, puzzled) OK... well, goodnight... No response. He turns back for his room, catching sight of Chaz, who has come out of Nikki's room, to investigate, too.					April Fool's Day 
RETURN ANGLE	 She shrinks back from them with a frightened, apologetic smile. Scrambled eggs bubble in the skillet on the burner.	MUFFY	 I... I was hungry... She bumps against the stove, backing away. She self-consciously runs a hand through her hair. MUFFY (cont.) I... I must look a mess... She scuttles out the door to the utility room and the back stairs beyond, leaving the eggs to burn.					April Fool's Day 
NIKKI	 You gotta be kidding...	ARCH	 (teasingly, an invitation) Nan? What about it? Nan watches from the porch, book in hand.	NAN	 Oh, no, thanks.	(FALSELY)	 Besides, I thought I'd wait and see what Muffy wanted to do... Arch shrugs and the soccer free-for-all begins in earnest, with special attention given to the interplay between Harvey and Nikki. Up on the porch, Nan finally sees Muffy emerging from the distant tool shed. Muffy is dressed plainly, oddly conventional, with a perceptible sense of disorder about her. She keeps to herself, turning toward the woods beyond, with cutting blade and mushroom basket in hand. Nan puts down her book, hurrying off the porch. But by the timeshe	April Fool's Day 
KIT	 Are you giving up?	ROB	 (turning to her; gently) What about you? What about your future? You're the one with the four point.	(DEJECTED)	 ...maybe it's crazy--you investing so much energy in me.	KIT		April Fool's Day 
ROB		(DEMANDINGLY)	 Has anybody seen him since last night? They all realize they haven't. ROB (cont .) Jesus Christ... Rob turns, rushing into the house.					April Fool's Day 
(ASTONISHED)	 I... don't know what you're talking about.	NAN	 Oh? The tape just got there? You know very well... my abortion! She comes apart, in tears. Muffy stares, uncomprehending. NAN (cont.) I thought you wanted to be friends... you think you can play with people's feelings just because you're rich and can do what you want. Well, you can't...! She rushes out the rear door. Muffy tries to recover, confused.					April Fool's Day 
KIT		(TO ROB)	 I don't think we should wait any longer... Rob moves into the house past Muffy. Kit follows him. MUFFY (to be played like Muffy) Who wants some tea?	(BEAT)	 It'll calm our nerves... She exits toward the kitchen . Nikki. perplexed by her behavior, looks strangely after her.			April Fool's Day 
(GALLANTLY)	 Not without me. Harvey accompanies Nikki out the back door, leaving Kit and Muffy alone again.	MUFFY	 (bearing up under Kit's stare) I'm not worried. I'm sure those two... Skip and Art... they're just up to some kind of stupid trick . . . Kit moves out of the kitchen uneasily.					April Fool's Day 
NIKKI		(SEEING)	 Is that it? The well is the old-fashioned kind. NIKKI (cont.) Boy, when she said `well,' she really meant 'well'. who dug this thing? Pocahontas? She reaches for the wooden bucket attached by metal nook to the thick rope. Harvey pre-empts.	HARVEY	 Here, let me do it. I've probably had more experience than you.	NIKKI	 You mean, back home on the farm?	April Fool's Day 
(COLD FEAR)	 We have to leave, all of us, we have to get away.	ROB	 (closing the well cover) We can't get away. Everyone back into the house . Now.	(JUMPING DOWN)	 Let's go!			April Fool's Day 
(BLANKLY)	 Guns? We don't keep guns in this house. The others turn and look back at them. There is an uncomfortable pause.	MUFFY	 (handing Nikki the glass) Here.	NIKKI ,	 Oh, God! Not the water!	MUFFY	 It's all right. It's Perrier. Suddenly the phone rings O. S. They all look toward the living room.	April Fool's Day 
ROB		(DESPERATELY)	 Hello! He listens for a moment, then almost collapses with relief. ROB (cont.) Constable Potter... Thank God it's you... The others stand and start drifting in from the dining room.					April Fool's Day 
(FINALLY)	 Yes, all right... Please... Please hurry. He hangs up. Pause.	ROB	 (anything, but jubilant) He's on his way. We're supposed to wait here... to stay together...	CHAZ	 What about the ferryman?	ROB	 It isn't him. They've been together all day.	April Fool's Day 
HARVEY	 (peering out the window) What's taking him so long?	KIT	 (quietly; without conviction) It could be the tides.	CHAZ	 Wait a minute. Aren't we supposed to be staying together? Where're Muffy and Rob?	KIT	 Rob's checking the back of the house.	April Fool's Day 
NIKKI	 She's been acting less than normal anyway.	KIT	 (picking up on it) What do you mean?	NIKKI	 You mean all day and you haven't noticed?	HARVEY	 Well, who isn't?	April Fool's Day 
(SARCASTIC )	 Oh, really?	HARVEY	 (to Chaz; defending Nikki) And What did you find?	CHAZ	 I didn't find anything.	HARVEY	 We're supposed to believe that?	April Fool's Day 
KIT	 Stop it! Just stop it all of you!	(BEAT)	 What is wrong with us? Nhat happened to all our talk about friendship, and undying loyalty? (looking from one to the other) Do you know what we're saying? That we're actually sitting here discussing the possibility that Muffy, a generous friend, has invited us all here to -- She stops suddenly, freezing in mid-sentence, and they all turn, following the direction of her look, to see Muffy standing in the entryway behind Rob.	MUFFY	 I'm going upstairs.	ROB	 Muffy? We should all stay together.	April Fool's Day 
CHAZ	 So what are you going to do? Just waltz on down to the pier. By yourself. Check your bag with the porter. Then wait for an ocean liner to happen by and pick you up. Is that it?	NIKKI,	 (pushing past him) I can't stay here any longer. She goes back out into the hallway. Chaz follows.					April Fool's Day 
CHAZ		(MUFFLED)	 Why? I kind of like it in here. (moving blindly toward her) Kiss me, you savage she-devil.	NIKKI	 Get out of here. She pushes him and he falls backward across the bed.	CHAZ		April Fool's Day 
(KNOCKING)	 Muffy! Muffy!! She tries the door, but it's locked.	ROB	 (pulling her away) Let's go. Rounding the corner to the shadowy back stairs, Rob suddenly bumps into something, someone there. He screams aloud, dropping his flashlight. It is Harvey. His body dangles from the rafters high above the top of the rear stairs, a thick rope around his neck. Now Rob has become unnerved, and it is Kit's turn to take the lead.	KIT	 This way!			April Fool's Day 
ROB	 Shit... no key! Kit, meanwhile, picks up the LETTER that's lying on the bottom of the boat.	KIT	 Rob! He turns. KIT (cont.) Look! She presses it into his hands. He shines the flashlight.	CLOSER ANGLE	 Its waterstained, but still legible... The letterhead reads, 'STATE HOSPITAL FOR THE CRIMINALLY INSANE,' and it is dated 'MARCH 31,' addressed to Potter, and reads:	RETURN ANGLE		April Fool's Day 
ROB		(BEAT)	 Listen, Kit, we'll get out of here, I promise you. We've been through so much together... She has started to cry softly. ROB (cont.) ...it isn't going to end here.	KIT		(BEING BRAVE)	 Okay. He kisses her. Pause.	April Fool's Day 
(PUZZLED)	 I don't get it. The beam momentarily sweeps the wall next to Kit. She sees something.	KIT	 (an urgent whisper) Rob! She gets him to turn the beam back to the wall where she is. She helps train it on what she saw. It is a growth chart that has been marked in ink faded over the years. There are growth measurements for 'MUFFY'... and for a child named 'BUFFY"... with similar heights on similar dates.	RETURN ON KIT	 She gasps, finally connecting it.	KIT	 Oh, god... oh no!... He doesn't yet understand.	April Fool's Day 
ROB	 Pull it away...	KIT	 (too frightened to move) Rob?	ROB	 Pull it away! They advance together on the painting, Rob keeping his flashlight on the eyes the entire time. Kit slowly reaces out, lifts the painting from the wall and drops it, jumping back... just as MUFFY'S HEAD rolls forward from a shelf behind the painting, right into Kit's lap! Kit screams as she bobbles the head in her hands like a hot potato, trying to get rid of it. Suddenly a loud NOISE slams at the basement window. Rob grabs Kit, covering her mouth and snapping off .the flashlight. The head falls to the. floor at their feet. They turn... ...just in time to see the window they entered being nailed shut from the outside. All else they can make out are Buffy's hands and her tell-tale nurse shoes. Then these two move of sight around the outside of the house.	BASEMENT	 Rob clicks on the beam in the direction they went and sees the stairs. They race to them, up them, the door to the pantry is not locked. It gives way under Rob's pressure.	April Fool's Day 
(LOOKING AROUND)	 What.... ? Then she looks back at Buffy who steps into the living room, and smiling, holds up the knife and plunges it into her own hand. The blade is retractable.	KIT	 (wrought with emotion) Oh, fuck you!! Fuck you, you guys!! Suddenly everyone in the room comes to life, roaring with laughter.					April Fool's Day 
(CRITICALLY)	 Well, first he's got to prove he can manage his own allowance.	KIT	 (to the Constable) Which means, I guess, that you're no constable either.	MUFFY	 Kit Graham, meet my Uncle Frank St. John of St. John et Freres, Wall Street. Uncle Frank smiles and waves at Kit, but Harvey steps right over to him and starts pumping his hand.	HARVEY	 Hi! Harvey "Hal" Edison, Jr. Pleased to meet you, sir.	April Fool's Day 
UNCLE FRANK	 Otherwise, even Lloyd's of London won't cover you.	MUFFY	 ...And I regret that, well, some of those fake clues I planted in the bedrooms I guess were taken too seriously. I'm sorry about that. She avoids looking at Nan so as not to draw attention to her. MUFFY (cont.) But we had fun, didn't we? I mean, come on. She starts passing .out chilled champagne bottles to the men to open, and setting up glasses on a sideboard. MUFFY (cont.) I know I'll never forget this weekend for as long as I live.	ARCH	 You're telling me. Man, when I was swinging around out there in the woods, I nearly crapped my pants.	CAL	 What do you mean, nearly? I was there, remember? Silence. Arch turns red.	April Fool's Day 
(STILL GASPING)	 God... don't tell me that was something you learned on the farm! EXT. BACK PORCH - MORNING Uncle Frank is hugging Muffy. (nothing seedy). They are alone out here.	UNCLE FRANK	 I'll make a full and glowing report to your father tomorrow so he can draw up the deed along with the other trust papers for Wednesday's signing. I'm so proud of you.	(BEAT)	 I wish I could say the same about your brother.			April Fool's Day 
MUFFY	 Oh, Uncle Frank, he's been a great help this weekend, really. Let me get him out here so you can--	UNCLE FRANK	 I've already spoken with him. The screen door opens, and Rob steps out onto the porch. He comes over to them, but does not butt into their conversation, and Uncle Frank just keeps going as if Rob weren't even there. UNCLE FRANK (cont.) His conduct and his academic performance remain inexcusable. He knows your father can't be expected to entrust him with anything until he shows some signs of responsibility and initiative.	ROB	 (embarrassed to be overhearing) Excuse me. He turns and walks back into the house. O.S. a horn honking.			April Fool's Day 
UNCLE FRANK	 I've already spoken with him. The screen door opens, and Rob steps out onto the porch. He comes over to them, but does not butt into their conversation, and Uncle Frank just keeps going as if Rob weren't even there. UNCLE FRANK (cont.) His conduct and his academic performance remain inexcusable. He knows your father can't be expected to entrust him with anything until he shows some signs of responsibility and initiative.	ROB	 (embarrassed to be overhearing) Excuse me. He turns and walks back into the house. O.S. a horn honking.					April Fool's Day 
NAN	 And now all is forgiven. I played along, didn't I? What's done is done.	(BEAT)	 I've learned a lot, Muffy, I really have. I suppose I should say thank you, but I don't think I would be able to without it sounding false. So I'll just say goodbye. (beat; an afterthought) Thanks for showing me your house. She turns and crosses to the van and climbs aboard. The others callout their last goodbyes. Muffy waves, and then they are gone and Muffy turns and walks forlornly back into her house.					April Fool's Day 
SKIP	 Well, I know what I'd do, if I wasn't her brother...	NIKKI	 (almost without thinking) Go back and give her a taste of her own medicine, that's what we should do. Nikki steps. Leeks up, hearing herself. Skip returns the stare.	SKIP	 (shrugs, smiling) Did I say anything? The others look at each other, a beat, registering.	ARCH	 Hey...	April Fool's Day 
NIKKI	 (almost without thinking) Go back and give her a taste of her own medicine, that's what we should do. Nikki steps. Leeks up, hearing herself. Skip returns the stare.	SKIP	 (shrugs, smiling) Did I say anything? The others look at each other, a beat, registering.	ARCH	 Hey...	CHAZ	 Go back and scare the shit outta her for a change? Outrageous!	April Fool's Day 
(EXCLUDING HIMSELF)	 Well, I don't know. I got a stack o' books this high...	ROB	 (stepping into the fray) Harvey's right. (to them all) Look, what're you talking about? We've had our fun. Now we got work to do.	ARCH	 Yeah. Enough's enough. At least for me anyway.	CHAZ	 Pussies.	April Fool's Day 
KIT	 Well, I kinda like the idea -- and I don't have work to get back to. She squares her shoulders.	ROB	 (looks up, in surprise) Kit...	KIT		(DECIDEDLYL	 Muffy can dish it out. It might be interesting to see if she can take it.	April Fool's Day 
CHAZ	 All right! A real catfight!	ROB	 (open-mouthed at her) I don't believe you...	KIT		(PROVOCATIVELY)	 Just because you've decided to get serious about your life, doesn't mean the rest of us can't have our fun	April Fool's Day 
(PROVOCATIVELY)	 Just because you've decided to get serious about your life, doesn't mean the rest of us can't have our fun	NIKKI	 (whoops, turning) Buck, got any spare professional tricks you could throw our way! Buck looks up, confused, only now plugging in.	KIT	 So how many does that make us?	SKIP		April Fool's Day 
(EMPHATICALLY)	 Four. He meets Kit's stare squarely, giving her time to change her mind. But Kit smiles back, victorious.	CHAZ	 (one of the four) Outasight!	KIT	 Cal, we want to get back to the island.	FERRYMAN	 Now? You just left	April Fool's Day 
(CHEERILY)	 Hi, it's me. Surprise.	MUFFY	 (grumpily, stirring) What'd you forget now?	SKIP	 Nothing. Just calling to tell you the party's not over. She moans.	MUFFY	 I know. The clean-up's going to take Clara and me at least a week.	April Fool's Day 
HARVEY	 Well, can I look you up in a couple of months? Maybe you could arrange a job interview for me.	UNCLE FRANK	 Sure, sure . (reaches into his pocket) Here's my card.	HARVEY		(TAKING IT)	 Thank you, sir. Thanks a lot. I sure appreciate it, and it's been a real pleasure meeting you. But Uncle Frank is already in the car and starting it up. Harvey looks down at the card.	April Fool's Day 
NIKKI (O.S,)		(HYSTERICAL)	 Chaz!! Chaz!! She runs into another clearing (the CAMERA has been here waiting for her) where Chaz is revealed lying on the ground, looking much more hideous than Muffy.	NIKKI	 Chaz, get up! Hurry, Chaz!... come on! He doesn't move.	NIKKI	 Chaz, stop playing around! Get up!! She starts kicking him in the side.	April Fool's Day 
NIKKI	 Chaz! Chaz doesn't stir, but he does speak now without moving his lips.	CHAZ	 (hissing, pretending to be dead) Will you quit kicking me? It hurts.	NIKKI	 It's supposed to hurt! The game's over! Get up!	CHAZ	 (still not moving) No. I'm dead. You're blowing the whole thing. Where's Muffy?	April Fool's Day 
NIKKI	 It's supposed to hurt! The game's over! Get up!	CHAZ	 (still not moving) No. I'm dead. You're blowing the whole thing. Where's Muffy?	NIKKI		(SHRIEKING)	 Muffy IS dead!!! In the house!!!	April Fool's Day 
(WHIMPERING)	 Oh, God...	CHAZ	 (sitting up suddenly) What?	NIKKI	 (turning to the woods) Kit! Kit, come out! There is rustling O.S., then Kit starts to emerge.	KIT	 What's going on?	April Fool's Day 
CHAZ	 (sitting up suddenly) What?	NIKKI	 (turning to the woods) Kit! Kit, come out! There is rustling O.S., then Kit starts to emerge.	KIT	 What's going on?			April Fool's Day 
(LOOKING DOWN)	 The fun's over, Rob.	KIT	 (tears in her eyes) Muffy, he's dead!	NIKKI	 Somebody else is here! In this house!	MUFFY	 Sure. Sure.	April Fool's Day 
(BENDING OVER)	 Let's see if the dead are ticklish, shall we?	KIT	 (pulling her away; screaming) Don't you touch him!!	MUFFY	 Okay, okay, take it easy.	NIKKI	 Muffy, it's not a game anymore! Just then there is a loud CRASH o.s. of glass breaking down on the first floor. After the slightest pause there is another crash o.s., and another... Someone is smashing in all the bay windows along the back porch. Nikki screams.	April Fool's Day 
