TODD	 Sure thing, Mr. Dussander.	DUSSANDER	 My name is Denker.  See? (pointing) Denker.  Perhaps you cannot read after all. What a pity.  Good day.	TODD	 Bergen-Belsen, January '43 to June '43. Auschwitz, June '43 to June '44.  Then you went to Patin.	TODD (CONT'D)	 After the war, you escaped to Buenos Aires. From 1950 to '52 you were in Cuba, and then... From 1952 to '58... I don't know.  No one does.  But in 1965, you popped up in West Berlin, where they almost got you.	Apt Pupil 
DUSSANDER	 You'll do no such thing.	TODD	 I won't?  Listen, old man, if I want to start screaming right here, I will.  If I want to ride down to the police station and bring the cops back myself, then I will.  I will do what ever I want.  Do you understand? (pause) But if you like, I could come in for a minute.  We could talk.	DUSSANDER	 I'd be out of my mind to let an insane boy like you into my home.	DUSSANDER (CONT'D)	 Is that what you want, to come into my home? So be it.  There is no arguing with crazy people.	Apt Pupil 
DUSSANDER	 Yes, what are you telling me for?	TODD	 (ignoring him) Then last year I wrote my big term paper on Dachau.  I got an A+.  It was the only A+ she gave.  I mean I always do real well.  A's on everything.  That's why I'm accelerated.	DUSSANDER	 Accelerated?	TODD	 You know, accelerated.  I skipped two grades, second and ninth.  I didn't need them. That's why I'm already a junior.	Apt Pupil 
TODD	 What?	RONNY	 (suddenly wary of Todd) Your mom's on the phone.					Apt Pupil 
TODD	 Yeah, I got this little camera.  Fits right in the palm of my hand.	DUSSANDER	 (crunches cigarette into ashtray) Clever boy.	TODD	 But even then I couldn't be sure.  I needed real proof.  So I went to the mall and bought a fingerprint kit from the hobby shop and a book that tells you what you're supposed to look for and then dusted your mailbox while you were at the movies.  Pretty smart, huh?	DUSSANDER	 You... put dust on my mailbox?  For fingerprints?  You took photographs of me? What else did you do?... I don't believe any of this.	Apt Pupil 
DUSSANDER	 That's a foolish thing to do.  What if your mother goes in your room anyway?  What if she hires a maid?	TODD	 You better hope she doesn't. (looking at watch) We're wasting time.  Let's get started.  I have to be home for dinner. Today I want to hear about the ovens.  How you baked them after they were dead... and before.	DUSSANDER	 (to himself) A boy... a boy...	TODD	 But before we start, put your teeth in.  You look better with your teeth.	Apt Pupil 
TODD	 You better hope she doesn't. (looking at watch) We're wasting time.  Let's get started.  I have to be home for dinner. Today I want to hear about the ovens.  How you baked them after they were dead... and before.	DUSSANDER	 (to himself) A boy... a boy...	TODD	 But before we start, put your teeth in.  You look better with your teeth.			Apt Pupil 
JOEY	 (laughs) Take it easy, Jesus.  It's just me, flinch- man.	TODD	 (serious) Don't do that.	JOEY	 I got news for you.  You're gonna like it.	TODD	 Walk with me to French.	Apt Pupil 
TODD	 You going to tell me who it is?	JOEY	 (lowering voice) You didn't hear it from me.	TODD	 Fine.	JOEY	 Becky Trask.	Apt Pupil 
DUSSANDER	 It killed them.  What do you think it did, made them walk on water?  It killed them.	TODD	 Tell me. (slurps on his Coke) Tell me.	DUSSANDER	 I won't.  I refuse.  Where are my cigarettes?	TODD	 What did it do?	Apt Pupil 
TODD	 Why didn't you just do the job yourself? You carried a gun, didn't you?	DUSSANDER	 (incredulous) I was the commandant of the camp.	TODD	 So you never killed anybody?	DUSSANDER	 (getting frustrated) The entire world was at war, boy.  People died.	Apt Pupil 
TODD	 So you never killed anybody?	DUSSANDER	 (getting frustrated) The entire world was at war, boy.  People died.	TODD	 That's not a real answer.  I'm asking about you.	DUSSANDER	 Boy, I was a soldier in a position of power. You don't get to be there by selling ...girl scout's cookies.	Apt Pupil 
TODD	 That still bothers you, doesn't it?	DICK	 (with difficulty) No, son. If you weren't enjoying it, then you shouldn't play.	TODD	 I think it bothers you and you're not telling me.	DICK	 That was lousy.  Here. (gives the gun back to Todd) I want to see your grades come up, buddy. That's all that bothers me.  And if you say you need more time to study, then that's what we'll do.  The first thing is to cut out all the time you spend reading to Mr. Denker. It's a nice thing to do, but it's not helping our school work a bit.	Apt Pupil 
TODD	 I think it bothers you and you're not telling me.	DICK	 That was lousy.  Here. (gives the gun back to Todd) I want to see your grades come up, buddy. That's all that bothers me.  And if you say you need more time to study, then that's what we'll do.  The first thing is to cut out all the time you spend reading to Mr. Denker. It's a nice thing to do, but it's not helping our school work a bit.	DICK (CONT'D)	 Hey, Todd.  You still with me?	TODD	 Yeah... no.  Dad, don't do that.  Please. Don't punish Mr. Denker for something that's my fault.  I mean, he'd be lost without me--	Apt Pupil 
DICK (CONT'D)	 Hey, he's not...?	TODD	 (it takes him a second) ...No.	DICK	 Just checking. (thinks for a moment) All right... We'll give your way a shot. If you think you can do it, if you really do, and your serious, then... okay. You really like the old guy, don't you?	TODD	 I'm making a difference in somebody's life. It's that simple.	Apt Pupil 
TODD	 (it takes him a second) ...No.	DICK	 Just checking. (thinks for a moment) All right... We'll give your way a shot. If you think you can do it, if you really do, and your serious, then... okay. You really like the old guy, don't you?	TODD	 I'm making a difference in somebody's life. It's that simple.	DICK	 Okay, okay. (takes the rifle) Don't ever force it.  Watch.	Apt Pupil 
TODD	 I'm making a difference in somebody's life. It's that simple.	DICK	 Okay, okay. (takes the rifle) Don't ever force it.  Watch.					Apt Pupil 
DUSSANDER	 Oh, we never promised them the soup in exchange for information.  We never mentioned it at all.	TODD	 Wow, that's really good, Dussander.  I mean that's... (pointing) that's thinking.	DUSSANDER	 ...But, as the war pressed on, the time for such civilized measures became a luxury.  I remember by April of '45, we had barely enough food to feed ourselves.  The sound of the Russian mortars grew louder everyday, but still, the train cars from France and Poland kept coming.  This was a time of desperation. The ovens burned day and night and still I knew we would not beat the arrival of the Russian forces.  Many of my men, the cowardly ones, deserted during the night.  But the men that remained, the same ones I had called upon so many times, ...continued the work. At first we thought a massive fire in the main building would serve our purpose.  We could just crowd them in and pull a gas torch up to each of the windows.  But with so many of them, we couldn't be sure the bodies would burn properly.  We needed something ...certain.  Then a young, bright soldier, I shall never forget his enthusiastic smile, pointed to a pair of bulldozers near the Western gate which had been used during construction.  How perfectly simple it was. The bulldozers carved a narrow trench, four meters deep, down the center of the camp. For two hours they dug until I realized we may not have enough gas to finish the job. So the inmates were given shovels and told they were building a shelter from the incoming artillery.  When they were done, I immediately called for a practice drill and three thousand naked bodies began to march into the trench.  It took less than twenty minutes to get them in place.  Quickly the bulldozers moved down the sides of the pit sending the piles of earth into the massive grave.  Those who tried to free themselves were shot, of course, but very few cartridges were wasted that day.  The machines were too fast.  Back and forth they went... packing the dirt.  One by one the tractors ran out of gas and my men had to scurry along with shovels.  But by sunset... it was done.  I gave the order to evacuate.  In the distance the plumes of Russian mortar fire rose like an approaching thundercloud.  But I knew that no matter what happened, ...no one would ever forget what we did here.	DUSSANDER (CONT'D)	 Hello? (Pause. Then with apprehension) Yes? ...No, no trouble at all. ...Yes. ...Yes, he's here. ...I see. (his face softens) ...Really? ...No, no plans. ...Ah, lovely. ...My dear, I'd be delighted. ...Certainly. ...Of course I will. ...Yes, until then. ...All right. ...Good-bye.	Apt Pupil 
TODD	 No, I do.	BECKY	 (exhaling out the window) Maybe you don't like girls.	BECKY (CONT'D)	 That was a lousy thing for me to say.  I'm sorry, honey.	TODD	 Let's just go home.	Apt Pupil 
AGNES	 Now don't get too personal, Victor.	DUSSANDER	 I was a student at the University until my reserve unit was called in 1943. (notices Victor) But we were not a combat unit, thank God. Mechanical engineers.  Help me find my cigarettes, Todd.  Would you?  In those days, not even the call of higher learning could exempt an able body from military service.	MONICA	 Todd Bowden!	DUSSANDER	 (laughs knowingly) My dear, I do apologize.  My hands are too arthritic to strike a match, I'm afraid. Your son has been good enough to help an old man with his filthy habits.	Apt Pupil 
MONICA	 Todd Bowden!	DUSSANDER	 (laughs knowingly) My dear, I do apologize.  My hands are too arthritic to strike a match, I'm afraid. Your son has been good enough to help an old man with his filthy habits.	MONICA	 Well...as long as you don't inhale.	TODD	 Cigarettes are gross, Mom.	Apt Pupil 
VICTOR	 Well, Victor, you were doing your part like we all were, I suppose.  Of course, if you were in the Pacific Fleet I'd have to shoot you.	DICK	 (to Dussander) My dad is very proud of the fact that the Bowden men have hit every major conflict since the Civil War.	VICTOR	 That's right.  Dickie served two tours in Vietnam.  Earned a bronze star and a purple heart.	DICK	 It's one family tradition I'd like to put an end to.  Todd and I blow a few caps down at the range every week.  That's all the combat he needs.	Apt Pupil 
DICK	 It's one family tradition I'd like to put an end to.  Todd and I blow a few caps down at the range every week.  That's all the combat he needs.	TODD	 (perking up, offended) What's that supposed to mean?	DICK	 Forget it.	DUSSANDER	 (looking at Todd) Perhaps your son would excel in combat.	Apt Pupil 
DICK	 Forget it.	DUSSANDER	 (looking at Todd) Perhaps your son would excel in combat.	MONICA	 Todd could excel at anything.  Right, honey?	AGNES	 (getting up, starts to clear some dishes) Oh, let's don't even talk about this. I can't stand to think of you boys fighting another war.	Apt Pupil 
MONICA	 Todd could excel at anything.  Right, honey?	AGNES	 (getting up, starts to clear some dishes) Oh, let's don't even talk about this. I can't stand to think of you boys fighting another war.	DUSSANDER	 The Purple Heart.  You were injured?	TODD	 He was knocked unconscious and woke up in a hospital.	Apt Pupil 
TODD	 Why don't you mind your own business.	DUSSANDER	 (amused at Todd's short fuse) Boy, It's not so easy to raise children. Your father does the best he can, I'm sure. Having his own father there is bound to cause some anxiety on his part--	TODD	 Oh, give me a frigging break, will you?  Look who's talking to me, for Christ's sake.  And what was that crap about the dog?  If you were any more charming I was going to puke.	DUSSANDER	 Heavens, boy, wasn't that precisely the point?  I used the evening to our advantage.	Apt Pupil 
TODD	 Just to be safe.	DUSSANDER	 (getting up) To hell with this.  You open it.	TODD	 Oh, relax, old man.  Sit down and open it.	DUSSANDER	 You wrapped it yourself, I see.	Apt Pupil 
DUSSANDER	 I should smash you.	TODD	 Do it.  Please. (pause) Indignities?  What you've suffered with me is nothing compared to what the Israelis would do to you.  Remember what happened to Eichmann?  You forget that, I think.  And, you know, that's my fault.  I have let you forget.  You have gotten comfortable with this situation.  Well, don't you for one minute ever forget who holds the cards here. Don't you ever forget that envelope under my mattress.  I tried to do this the nice way, I tried to do something to please you, but you don't want it.  So fine, we'll do it the hard way.  You will put this on because I want to see you in it.  Now strip.	DUSSANDER	 I hope you go to hell --			Apt Pupil 
JOEY	 You're throwing it flat.  Let it roll off your fingers more.	TODD	 (snapping at him) I don't need a lesson.	JOEY	 Your dad, man.  I don't know.  I mean, I'm a fuck up.  My dad is used to this crap from me.	JOEY	 What?	Apt Pupil 
TODD	 Nothing, Joey.  I fucked up.  I'II fix it. I'II fix it.	JOEY	 (hurt) All right, man.  Whatever you say.  Look, I got to get to practice.	JOEY (CONT'D)	 If you need to talk, you can call me.  You know that.  I'II see you around.	TODD	 (mumbling) You're talking to yourself, Bowden.  You're talking to yourself, Bowden.	Apt Pupil 
JOEY (CONT'D)	 If you need to talk, you can call me.  You know that.  I'II see you around.	TODD	 (mumbling) You're talking to yourself, Bowden.  You're talking to yourself, Bowden.	TODD (CONT'D)	 I'II fix it.  I'II fix it.	TODD (CONT'D)	 I'll fix it.  I'll fix it.  I'll fix it.	Apt Pupil 
TODD	 Something's come up.  Sit down.	DUSSANDER	 I see. (sits at table) What seems to be the trouble?	DUSSANDER	 Quarterly Progress Report. (he reads silently) You seem to have fallen on the rocks, my boy. One B, three C's and a D.  Hardly the work of a "National Merit Scholar," or whatever you call yourself.	TODD	 This isn't a joke, Dussander.  I can't blame this on teachers or honors classes anymore.	Apt Pupil 
DUSSANDER	 Please, you don't spend that much time here. I hardly think--	TODD	 (quickly, as if confessing something) I can't study anymore.	TODD	 (with difficulty) I try.  But it's...  different now.  I sit in front of my books and start thinking about... about corpses, and electrified fences and people getting strangled with piano wire. All that crap you tell me.  The next thing I know it's after midnight.  I sit in class like a zombie, ...useless.  But that's not the half of it.  Check out the letter.	DUSSANDER	 (reading letter) 'Dear Mr. and Mrs. Bowden, this note is to suggest that we have a group conference concerning Todd's first semester grades.  In light of his previous good work in this school, the sudden deterioration in his grades suggest a specific problem which should be addressed before his academic advancement is jeopardized permanently.  Such a problem can often be solved by a frank and open discussion.  I am ready to work out a time for us to meet.  In a case such as this, earlier is usually better.  Sincerely yours, Edward French.'  Who is this Edward French, the headmaster?	Apt Pupil 
TODD	 (with difficulty) I try.  But it's...  different now.  I sit in front of my books and start thinking about... about corpses, and electrified fences and people getting strangled with piano wire. All that crap you tell me.  The next thing I know it's after midnight.  I sit in class like a zombie, ...useless.  But that's not the half of it.  Check out the letter.	DUSSANDER	 (reading letter) 'Dear Mr. and Mrs. Bowden, this note is to suggest that we have a group conference concerning Todd's first semester grades.  In light of his previous good work in this school, the sudden deterioration in his grades suggest a specific problem which should be addressed before his academic advancement is jeopardized permanently.  Such a problem can often be solved by a frank and open discussion.  I am ready to work out a time for us to meet.  In a case such as this, earlier is usually better.  Sincerely yours, Edward French.'  Who is this Edward French, the headmaster?	TODD	 French?  Fuck no.  He's a stupid guidance counselor.	DUSSANDER	 Guidance counselor?  What is that?	Apt Pupil 
DUSSANDER	 I'm sure.  My son and his wife asked me to come in and discuss this sorry business with you, Mr.  French.  Todd is a good boy, believe me.  This trouble with his grades is only temporary.	FRENCH	 It's all right. (pulls an ashtray from desk drawer) There's no smoking on school grounds, but if it will make you more comfortable, I'll never tell.	DUSSANDER	 A terrible habit, but thank you. (lights up) I suppose I should begin by informing you that my son and my daughter-in-law are having troubles at home.  Rather bad troubles, I should think.	FRENCH	 I appreciate your candor.	Apt Pupil 
FRENCH	 It's all right. (pulls an ashtray from desk drawer) There's no smoking on school grounds, but if it will make you more comfortable, I'll never tell.	DUSSANDER	 A terrible habit, but thank you. (lights up) I suppose I should begin by informing you that my son and my daughter-in-law are having troubles at home.  Rather bad troubles, I should think.	FRENCH	 I appreciate your candor.	DUSSANDER	 (leaning in) The mother drinks.	Apt Pupil 
FRENCH	 I appreciate your candor.	DUSSANDER	 (leaning in) The mother drinks.	FRENCH	 Oh.	DUSSANDER	 Yes.  The boy has told me that he has come home on two occasions and has found her sprawled out on the kitchen table.  He knows how my son feels about her drinking and so on these occasions he has put dinner in the oven himself and forced enough black coffee down his mother's throat so that she will at least be awake when Richard gets home.	Apt Pupil 
DUSSANDER	 Yes.  I keep his certificates on the wall of my store.  I run a small bookstore in San Remo.	FRENCH	 (glancing at folder on desk) Yes, I see that.  Anyway, Todd is, and I hate to phrase it this way, but he's one of the ones worth fighting for.  He's a special kid, we both know that.  But If Todd's grades don't improve drastically and quickly... he'll be opening a real nasty can of worms. Summer school would just be the beginning. His whole college acceptance schedule would be thrown way off course.  The good schools won't know what to make of him.  I'm sure he'd hate that and so would you.	DUSSANDER	 Of course.	FRENCH	 So let's get to the bottom line, shall we? What I'm proposing is some family counselling at the Counselling Center downtown. Everything is in confidence, of course.  A man in charge down there, Harry Shumacher, is a good friend of mine.  I think Todd and his parents should go see him together.  It might be difficult for Todd to go to his parents with this; I think you should do it.  Maybe we can get everybody on track by the end of the next quarter.  It will be tough, but not impossible.	Apt Pupil 
TODD	 I don't take orders from you.  Maybe you've forgotten --	DUSSANDER	 (turning on him) Listen, boy.  Before today it was possible, just barely possible, that you could have denounced me and come out clean yourself. The way your nerves have been lately I don't think so, but never mind that.  It was - at least technically possible.  But now things have changed.  Today I impersonated your grandfather, one Victor Bowden.  And it was you who arranged the meeting.  What would people make of that?  If things come out now... perhaps you were right, your age and a good attorney might keep you out of jail, but you would be humiliated, boy, publicly.  You would be infamous.  Your parents too.  Do you know what such a scandal would do to them? To you?  Think about that.	TODD	 You fucker.	DUSSANDER	 It's a done deal, boy.  If you don't like it, you can discuss it at family counselling.	Apt Pupil 
TODD	 I thought I did have a couple of quarters...	ARCHIE	 You know, (his voice drops) For a dollar I'll give you a blow job.  Take you right up there where it's still dry.  You never had so good, kid.  You'll come your brains out.					Apt Pupil 
TODD	 Look, I guess I owe a lot of this to you. I'm not proud of it, but it's true.	DUSSANDER	 (eyeing him cautiously) Your gratitude humbles me. (pause) How about some Ritz crackers and Velveeta?	TODD	 Sure, what the hell.	DUSSANDER	 I would have expected you to be doing back flips down the hallway after such good news. You are so quiet.	Apt Pupil 
ARCHIE	 (leaning over) I notice the kid don't come around no more.	DUSSANDER	 What?	ARCHIE	 Little blond-hair boy. ...What's the matter, you ain't his friend no more?			Apt Pupil 
FRENCH	 A good break for you, Todd.	MORGAN	 Looks like that little talk with your... (looks at file) grandfather... really helped.  Well, we don't want to keep you too long. (to French) You tell him.	FRENCH	 Well, it seems Sally Chong didn't do to well in A.P. biology.	MORGAN	 She failed it.	Apt Pupil 
TODD	 Look, things with my parents were bad for a while.  But they're doing a lot better. Thanks for your concern, really.  I should get back to class.	FRENCH	 (unconvinced) Okay, Todd.  I know this isn't the place to talk about this.  But my door is always open...	TODD	 I know.  Thanks.	FRENCH	 And it's going to stay open.	Apt Pupil 
ARCHIE	 Hey, I ain't a bad guy.  You don't gotta worry.  I'm a veteran.  I just want--	DUSSANDER	 (snapping at him) What?  What do you want?  Why do you bother me?	ARCHIE	 (plaintively) You got a nice face.	DUSSANDER	 No I don't.	Apt Pupil 
DUSSANDER	 (snapping at him) What?  What do you want?  Why do you bother me?	ARCHIE	 (plaintively) You got a nice face.	DUSSANDER	 No I don't.	ARCHIE	 Look, we're practically neighbors.  I stay right over there most nights. (pointing across the street) I see you walking down the street.  I come up to help.  It's called being neighborly.	Apt Pupil 
DUSSANDER	 No I don't.	ARCHIE	 Look, we're practically neighbors.  I stay right over there most nights. (pointing across the street) I see you walking down the street.  I come up to help.  It's called being neighborly.	DUSSANDER	 Piss off.	ARCHIE	 Ain't no reason to be rude.  You see, I know something about you. ...I know your a nice guy.  I'm nice too, ...just like the kid.	Apt Pupil 
ARCHIE	 Yeah, this is nice.  Real nice.	DUSSANDER	 Let me take those. (takes the bags) Right this way.					Apt Pupil 
TODD	 Grandma and Grandpa aren't coming?	MONICA	 (to Dick) I thought you told him.	DICK	 Christ, I forgot.  Todd, my aunt Patty, Dad's sister, died on Wednesday.  Mom and Dad have to drive up to Fresno to settle her estate. We can't ask Dad to drive six hours each way for graduation.	MONICA	 If we ask them, they'll do it.	Apt Pupil 
MONICA (CONT'D)	 I'll get it.	DICK	 That's not the point.  You should always read the bill before you sign.  I've told you that a hundred times. (to Todd) Fifteen hundred dollars.	TODD	 Maybe it's in yen.	DICK	 Hey, maybe you're right.	Apt Pupil 
MONICA	 Todd, it's Mr.  Denker.  He sounds excited about something.  You better speak to him.	TODD	 (into phone) Mr. Denker?					Apt Pupil 
TODD	 Bye. (hangs up) I've got to run over to Mr. Denker's for a minute.	MONICA	 Is everything all right?	TODD	 Oh, he just got a letter from a nephew in Hamburg or Dusseldorf or one of those places.			Apt Pupil 
DUSSANDER (O.S.)	 We are wasting time now, boy. (switches to a loud whisper) Come back to the door.  You are not going to find anything down there to help you.	TODD	 (to himself) Oh really?					Apt Pupil 
PARAMEDIC	 Well, we'll take care of him now.  We're going to take him to St. Luke's.  It's a good thing you called when you did.  You saved his life.	DICK	 You did real good, son. (looking around the room, as if searching for something) You did real good...	TODD	 C'mon.  Let's make sure he gets checked in all right.			Apt Pupil 
BEN	 I can't wait to see them.	NURSE	 (to Ben) The doctor will be in to see you in a few minutes.	BEN	 Thank you.	BEN (CONT'D)	 My nephew, David.	Apt Pupil 
WOMAN	 Monica, I thought that was you.	TODD	 (to French) That's our cue.	FRENCH	 (to Dick) It was nice meeting you.	DICK	 You too. (to Todd) Good luck, son.	Apt Pupil 
TODD	 (to French) That's our cue.	FRENCH	 (to Dick) It was nice meeting you.	DICK	 You too. (to Todd) Good luck, son.	FRENCH	 I'll talk to you and your wife after the ceremony.	Apt Pupil 
FRENCH	 (to Dick) It was nice meeting you.	DICK	 You too. (to Todd) Good luck, son.	FRENCH	 I'll talk to you and your wife after the ceremony.			Apt Pupil 
TODD	 Guys that are blind don't normally go scooting out to steal letters.	RICHLER	 (smiling) True.  Did Dussander have any friends that you knew of?	TODD	 No, not really.	RICHLER	 How about phone calls?	Apt Pupil 
MONICA (CONT'D)	 He said he was in college--	DICK	 (shutting her up) Monica.  They don't care what we know, they care what Todd knows.	RICHLER	 Look, I'm sure this whole thing has come as a terrible shock.  I think we've done enough for the day.	WEISKOPF	 Thank you, Todd.  Mr. and Mrs. Bowden.	Apt Pupil 
