ARSENIC AND OLD LACE	 Written by Julius J. & Philip G. Epstein Adapted from the play by Joseph Kesselring	CREDITS	 Credits roll, in white letters, on several funny cartoons, all of them about witches and witchcraft (a caldron over a fire, with two witches on either side of it - A close-up of one of the witches - A witches falling down from the sky on her broomstick, and loosing her hat in the fall - A furious black cat spitting at an owl seated on a branch - A carafe with two glasses, actually a direct reference to the film - An Halloween pumpkin pressing her two forefingers in its ears, with music notes around it - Black bats flying over a village).	BROOKLYN - GENERAL OVERVIEW - EXTERIOR DAY	 A general overview of Brooklyn, near New York, seen from the roof of a very high building. Written in white letters on this overview, the following words : This is a Hallowe'en tale of Brooklyn, where anything can happen-- and it usually does. Then : At 3 P.M. on this particular day, this was happening- Several white circles move on the screen, then the whole screen is covered by a huge base ball, with Brooklyn written on it in black letters.	BASEBALL GAME - SPECTATORS - EXTERIOR DAY	 Close-up of the face of man, screaming :	Arsenic and Old Lace 
TEDDY	 I must be catching cold.	ABBY	 (to Teddy) No, dear. It was Reverend Harper who sneezed. (to Reverend Harper) Bless you. Teddy puts back in his pocket the handkerchief he had taken out and starts playing again.	ABBY	 We mustn't be angry with Mortimer. He's so very much in love with her. And Sister Martha and I are so happy about it. He used to come to see us only occasionally, and now, now he's in Brooklyn six nights a week.	BROPHY	 Remember now, watch your language.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
O'HARA	 Oh no, absolutely nothing to report. He salutes but with a less official attitude than his Sargent. Teddy smiles.	TEDDY	 Splendid ! Thank you, gentlemen. (very serious again) At ease. Brophy puts his arm down. O'Hara looks at his Sargent with a perplexed expression, and takes longer to put his arm down	ABBY	 You know the Reverend Doctor Harper from the church next door ?	BROPHY	 Hello, Reverend. This is Officer O'Hara, the new man on the beat. Teddy looks at O'Hara with a puzzled expression.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
MARTHA	 Look surprised when he tells us. Abby laughs. They hear a door slamming in the next room.	MORTIMER	 (voice over) Aunt Abby, Aunt Martha ! Mortimer rushes into the room and throws his hat on a chair.	MORTIMER	 Hold on to your bustles. We're married. Elaine and I are married. The two sisters hug and kiss Mortimer.	ABBY	 Oh, darling, how wonderful ! Oh, Martha, isn't it wonderful ? They're married!	Arsenic and Old Lace 
MARTHA	 Nonsense !	MORTIMER	 (he yells) But there's a body in the window-seat !	ABBY	 Yes, dear. We know. Mortimer looks even more shocked than before. His two aunts keep on setting the table as if nothing had happened.	MORTIMER	 You know ?	Arsenic and Old Lace 
MARTHA	 Well we put it in wine because it's less noticeable. When it's in tea, it has a distinct odor.	MORTIMER	 You mean you... (yelling) You put it in the wine ?	ABBY	 Yes. And I put Mister Hoskins in the window-seat, because Reverend Harper was coming. Mortimer seems ready to faint.	MORTIMER	 Ohh ! Look at me, darling. He takes again Abby's hands in his.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
MARTHA	 We told you to forget the whole thing.	MORTIMER	 (yelling) Forget ? Look, my dear aunt Martha, can't I make you realize that something has to be done ? Abby leaves the stove where she was working and comes to the table.	ABBY	 Now, Mortimer, you behave. You're too old to be flying off the handle like this.	MORTIMER	 But, but Mister Hodgekiss...	Arsenic and Old Lace 
MORTIMER	 So ?	MARTHA	 So, we all took him down to Panama, and put him in the lock and gave him a decent Christian burial. There, now you see ? (she stands up) That's why we told you not to bother about it, because we know exactly what's to be done. Mortimer is sitting on the table, and seems not to know what he must do next. But he suddenly stands up.	MORTIMER	 Wait a minute ! He rushes to his aunts.	MORTIMER	 Come here, darlings. What about the others ? All twelve of them didn't walk in here and drop dead.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
MORTIMER	 How it would be marvelous if he wasn't there. He slowly opens the lid of the seat. When the lid is a few inches open, he peeks inside.	ELAINE	 (voice over) Hey, you ! When he hears Elaine's voice, Mortimer slams the lid down and sit on the seat.	ELAINE	 Thought you were tall, dark streak of light. She is standing by the half-open door, and she makes the gestures Mortimer made when he had told her the same sentence, earlier in the churchyard.	MORTIMER	 What are you doing here?	Arsenic and Old Lace 
MORTIMER	 I'm sorry, Judge. But... a thing happened. But, Judge, about Teddy, you see...	ELAINE	 (voice over) Mortimer !	MORTIMER	 Hold it. You see, Judge, it's his bugle blowing. Yes, the neighbors have been complaining, and the police are all set to throw him into a state institution.			Arsenic and Old Lace 
ABBY	 Oh, how do you do ? Come in. The kitchen door has remained open, and we see Martha still working on her cooking.	GIBBS	 (voice over) I understand you've got a room to rent. Hearing that, Martha drops her cooking and comes into the room.	ABBY	 Yes... Do step in. Abby opens the door wide for him to get in.	GIBBS	 Well, are you the lady of the house ?	Arsenic and Old Lace 
ABBY	 Yes, I'm Miss Brewster.	MORTIMER	 (voice over) Yeah, operator ? Give me long distance, please. Martha has joined her sister.	ABBY	 And this is my sister. Another Miss Brewster. Gibbs takes off his hat.	GIBBS	 My name's Gibbs. Quick shot on Mortimer, still on the phone. He gives a quick look toward his aunts, but doesn't seem interested.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
MARTHA	 A... are your family Brooklyn people ?	MORTIMER	 (voice over) Hello ? Hap...	GIBBS	 Haven't got any family.	MORTIMER	 (voice over) Well, operator...	Arsenic and Old Lace 
GIBBS	 Haven't got any family.	MORTIMER	 (voice over) Well, operator...	ABBY	 All alone in the world ?	GIBBS	 Yeah.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
GIBBS	 Yeah.	MORTIMER	 (voice over) No, no... Abby looks at her sister with a knowing smile.	ABBY	 Well, Martha....	MORTIMER	 (voice over) No, Happy Dale... Yes.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
ABBY	 Well, Martha....	MORTIMER	 (voice over) No, Happy Dale... Yes.	ABBY	 Well, you've come to just the right house. You sit down. She helps him sit down in the armchair, while Martha is bringing a carafe of wine and a glass.	MORTIMER	 (voice over) Dale. D like in dig, you know, when you dig a lock. That's right. A like in arsenic. Got that ? Short close-up on the carafe of wine, now on the table.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
ABBY	 Well, you've come to just the right house. You sit down. She helps him sit down in the armchair, while Martha is bringing a carafe of wine and a glass.	MORTIMER	 (voice over) Dale. D like in dig, you know, when you dig a lock. That's right. A like in arsenic. Got that ? Short close-up on the carafe of wine, now on the table.	GIBBS	 Is there always this much noise ?	MARTHA	 Oh ! He doesn't live with us. Mortimer is standing, with the telephone set in one hand, and the receiver on his ear in the other hand. He whispers.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
MARTHA	 Oh ! He doesn't live with us. Mortimer is standing, with the telephone set in one hand, and the receiver on his ear in the other hand. He whispers.	MORTIMER	 I can see the headlines now. Oh, please. (back to normal voice) Hello ? Back to the table.	GIBBS	 I'd really like to see the room. Well, I don't think I'll like it. He stands up and takes his hat, which he had put on the table.	ABBY	 The room's upstairs. Abby is seated at the table, with Martha standing behind her. She takes the carafe.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
GIBBS	 I haven't tasted elderberry wine since I was a boy.	MORTIMER	 (voice over) Oh...	GIBBS	 Thank you. Abby starts pouring the wine in the glass.	MORTIMER	 (voice over) Operator ! Well, I don't want the Happy Dale Laundry ! I want the Happy Dale Sanitarium ! Sanitarium ! Sanitarium ! Sanitarium ! Yes, like a broken record ! Gibbs takes the glass from Abby.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
GIBBS	 Thank you. Abby starts pouring the wine in the glass.	MORTIMER	 (voice over) Operator ! Well, I don't want the Happy Dale Laundry ! I want the Happy Dale Sanitarium ! Sanitarium ! Sanitarium ! Sanitarium ! Yes, like a broken record ! Gibbs takes the glass from Abby.	GIBBS	 Have your own elderberry bushes ?	MARTHA	 No, but the cemetery's full of them. Gibbs raises his glass.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
GIBBS	 Well, skoal. In the background, Mortimer is yelling louder and louder. Gibbs, who had the glass almost to his lips, puts it down. The two sisters watch him with expecting eyes.	MORTIMER	 (voice over) Hello, operator! No, operator, what's taking you so long ? It's only across the river ! I could swim it faster ! Yes ! Hello ! Hello... Gibbs, who had taken the glass back to his lips, put it down once more.	MORTIMER	 (voice over) What ?... What, they're busy ? Busy ? They're busy and you're dizzy ! No, I'm not drunk, madam, but you've given me an idea ! A noise of chairs and various objects falling. Mortimer comes to the table and takes the carafe and a glass. Abby, concentrated on Gibbs raising the glass to his lips again, doesn't see him, but Martha does, and seems very anxious about it. She taps her two forefingers together.	MARTHA	 Mortimer ! Ah-ah ah-ah !... Mortimer keeps on pouring the wine in the glass	Arsenic and Old Lace 
MARTHA	 But, Mortimer.	MORTIMER	 (voice over) What, darling, what ?	MARTHA	 We were planning to hold services before dinner.	MORTIMER	 Look, couldn't that wait until I get back ?	Arsenic and Old Lace 
MORTIMER	 Good. He puts the hat on his head. The hat is ostensibly to large for him. He opens the front door	ABBY	 (voice over) Mortimer ! He was almost out, but he turns around.	MORTIMER	 What ? Abby points to the hat, but can't talk.	ABBY	 Uh-uh-uh-uh !...	Arsenic and Old Lace 
TEDDY	 Where is the poor devil ?	ABBY	 (voice over) In the window-seat.	TEDDY	 It seems to be spreading. We've never had yellow fever there before.	MARTHA	 Abby. I've never even seen Mister Hoskins !	Arsenic and Old Lace 
DOCTOR EINSTEIN	 It's all right, Johnny. It's okay. Einstein has his little bottle in one hand, and, with the finger of the other hand, he tries to explain to Jonathan that the corpse is safely in the window-seat. Jonathan looks at Einstein, and then goes across the room to look around. He even moves the drapes of a window to look outside.	ELAINE	 (voice over) Maybe you'd better explain what you're doing here. Jonathan keeps on checking around. He goes to the window above the window-seat, and looks outside.	JONATHAN	 We happen to live here. He spots an orphan shoe on the floor and picks it up.	ELAINE	 (voice over) You don't live here. I've been in this house every day, and I've never seen you before. Where are Miss Martha and Miss Abby ? What have you done to them ? Einstein tries to explain to Jonathan, without using words, that the shoe belongs to the corpse in the window-seat.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
JONATHAN	 We happen to live here. He spots an orphan shoe on the floor and picks it up.	ELAINE	 (voice over) You don't live here. I've been in this house every day, and I've never seen you before. Where are Miss Martha and Miss Abby ? What have you done to them ? Einstein tries to explain to Jonathan, without using words, that the shoe belongs to the corpse in the window-seat.	JONATHAN	 Perhaps we'd better introduce ourselves. May I present Doctor Einstein ? He puts the shoe on the table, then lifts the tablecloth to look underneath it.	ELAINE	 Doctor Einstein ?	Arsenic and Old Lace 
ELAINE	 Now I suppose you're gonna tell me that you're Boris...	JONATHAN	 (cutting her very harshly) I am Jonathan Brewster.	ELAINE	 Oh ! You're Jonathan. Jonathan comes close to her and looks at her in such a strange way that she starts walking backward.	JONATHAN	 You've heard of me ?	Arsenic and Old Lace 
ELAINE	 Mortimer, what about me ?	MORTIMER	 There's no room for anybody else in the house. (to Elaine) Please, darling, just a moment. (to Jonathan) So take that little squirt and beat it ! (to Martha) Now where's Teddy ? I've got to see him right away. Is he upstairs ? He starts climbing the stairs.	DOCTOR EINSTEIN	 Mister Brewster ! We don't take up much room. Johnny can sleep on the sofa, and I'll sleep on the window-seat.	MORTIMER	 Nothing to... He stops going upstairs	Arsenic and Old Lace 
MORTIMER	 Oh, that. Martha just found the shoe on the table and seems very intrigued by it.	ELAINE	 (voice over) It was worse than that. He's some kind of a maniac. Abby looks at the shoe, and seems also very intrigued. Martha whispers something to her.	MORTIMER	 (voice over) I know, darling, I know.	ELAINE	 (voice over) Oh, Mortimer, I'm afraid of him.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
ELAINE	 (voice over) It was worse than that. He's some kind of a maniac. Abby looks at the shoe, and seems also very intrigued. Martha whispers something to her.	MORTIMER	 (voice over) I know, darling, I know.	ELAINE	 (voice over) Oh, Mortimer, I'm afraid of him.	MORTIMER	 (voice over) Oh, darling, don't worry about it. I'm here now. Now forget it. Abby whispers back to Martha, who puts the shoe back on the table. The two sisters move away.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
MORTIMER	 (voice over) I know, darling, I know.	ELAINE	 (voice over) Oh, Mortimer, I'm afraid of him.	MORTIMER	 (voice over) Oh, darling, don't worry about it. I'm here now. Now forget it. Abby whispers back to Martha, who puts the shoe back on the table. The two sisters move away.	ELAINE	 We were married today, we were going over Niagara Falls in a barrel, your brother tries to strangle me, a taxi's waiting, and now you want to sleep on a window-seat ! Mortimer hardly listens to her, but catches the last word.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
ELAINE	 (voice over) Oh, Mortimer, I'm afraid of him.	MORTIMER	 (voice over) Oh, darling, don't worry about it. I'm here now. Now forget it. Abby whispers back to Martha, who puts the shoe back on the table. The two sisters move away.	ELAINE	 We were married today, we were going over Niagara Falls in a barrel, your brother tries to strangle me, a taxi's waiting, and now you want to sleep on a window-seat ! Mortimer hardly listens to her, but catches the last word.	MORTIMER	 Window seat... Witherspoon. Darling, you'd better run along home.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
ELAINE	 Mortimer ? But... but...	MORTIMER	 No, no, please. (in the phone) Hello ? Operator ? Get me Happy Dale 2-7-0, please.	ELAINE	 But, Mortimer, didn't you hear what I was just saying ?	MORTIMER	 Yes, 2-7-0.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
ELAINE	 He was going to kill me !	MORTIMER	 (to Elaine) Wait a minute, I can't hear the man. (to Witherspoon on the phone) What ? I've got the papers all drawn up. I know it's late, but I want you to come down here and get my brother immediately ! I's got to be done. (to Elaine) Please, darling, please.					Arsenic and Old Lace 
ELAINE	 Mortimer !	MORTIMER	 (yelling to Elaine) Please, be quiet ! Can't you see I've got to get a doctor ? (to Witherspoon on the phone) Hello ? What kind of a doctor ? A family doctor ?	ELAINE	 You can take your honeymoon, your wedding ring, your taxi, your window-seat, and put them in a barrel, and push them all over Niagara Falls ! She walks away	MORTIMER	 (to the departing Elaine) Thank you, darling. Thank you. (to Witherspoon on the phone) Oh, look, why don't you come down here anyway ? While you're getting here, I'll get Teddy's and the doctor's signatures both. The front door slams violently. Mortimer turns around.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
ELAINE	 You can take your honeymoon, your wedding ring, your taxi, your window-seat, and put them in a barrel, and push them all over Niagara Falls ! She walks away	MORTIMER	 (to the departing Elaine) Thank you, darling. Thank you. (to Witherspoon on the phone) Oh, look, why don't you come down here anyway ? While you're getting here, I'll get Teddy's and the doctor's signatures both. The front door slams violently. Mortimer turns around.	MORTIMER	 Yeah. Elaine ! Elaine ! (to Witherspoon) Yeah, I'll get both signatures. Yeah, well, come right away. He puts the phone down.	MORTIMER	 Elaine ? What's the matter with her ? He stands up and runs across the room to the window-seat.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
MORTIMER	 Aunt Abby ! Aunt Martha ! Come in here !	ABBY	 (voice over from the kitchen) We're busy.	MORTIMER	 No, you come in here now ! Abby, still in funeral clothes, enters the room through the kitchen door.	ABBY	 Yes, dear, what is it ? Where's Elaine ?	Arsenic and Old Lace 
O'HARA	 All right.	MORTIMER	 You can tell me all about it. (to Abby) Couldn't you whip up a sandwich for Officer O'Hara ?	MARTHA	 I hope you don't mind eating in the kitchen, Officer O'Hara.	O'HARA	 And where else would you eat ? They all enter the kitchen, laughing, and leaving Jonathan alone in the room. Mortimer lets them in, but comes back into the sitting-room, closing the kitchen door behind him.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
O'HARA	 And where else would you eat ? They all enter the kitchen, laughing, and leaving Jonathan alone in the room. Mortimer lets them in, but comes back into the sitting-room, closing the kitchen door behind him.	MORTIMER	 (to the policeman and his aunts) See you in a moment. He crosses the room toward Jonathan	MORTIMER	 Now, listen, Jonathan, this is your last chance. I'll keep O'Hara busy in the kitchen and give you a chance to get out. All three of you : you, Doctor Einstein and Spenalzo.	JONATHAN	 Mortimer...	Arsenic and Old Lace 
MORTIMER	 Officer O'Hara ?	O'HARA	 (voice over from the kitchen) Coming. Mortimer comes back in the middle of the room.	JONATHAN	 Now, if you tell O'Hara what's in the window-seat, I'll tell him what's down in the cellar.	MORTIMER	 Cellar ?	Arsenic and Old Lace 
DOCTOR GILCHRIST	 Livingstone ?	MORTIMER	 (to the doctor) Well, that's what he presumes. (to Teddy) Mister President, the doctor would like to have a few words with you in private. He bows slightly.	TEDDY	 Certainly. Welcome to Washington, doctor. He shakes his hand again, then puts his arm around the doctor's shoulders and moves away with him into the churchyard.	TEDDY	 Arlington is beautiful at this time of year, is it not, doctor ?	Arsenic and Old Lace 
ABBY	 All right ! All right ! We'll find out whose house this is ! I'm warning you, you better stop it. There's no use doing what you're doing, because it'll just have to be undone.	JONATHAN	 (voice over from the cellar) Aunt Abby, go to bed !	ABBY	 It's a terrible thing to do to bury a good Methodist with a foreigner. Mortimer comes rushing into the room with the papers in his hand.	MORTIMER	 Hello. He blows on the papers to dry the ink of the signature.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
DOCTOR EINSTEIN	 No, no, no ! I am tired. You forget, I got to operate on your face tomorrow. He sits down on the bottom steps of the stairs.	JONATHAN	 (voice over. We just see his shadow on the wall behind Einstein) You are going to operate tomorrow, Doctor. But tonight we are taking care of Mortimer.	DOCTOR EINSTEIN	 No, but Johnny, not tonight ! I'm sleepy. We'll do it tomorrow. Or the next day.	JONATHAN	 (voice over from the shadow on the wall) Look at me, Doctor. You can see that it's got to be done, can't you?	Arsenic and Old Lace 
DOCTOR EINSTEIN	 No, but Johnny, not tonight ! I'm sleepy. We'll do it tomorrow. Or the next day.	JONATHAN	 (voice over from the shadow on the wall) Look at me, Doctor. You can see that it's got to be done, can't you?	DOCTOR EINSTEIN	 Yeah, I know that look.	JONATHAN	 (voice over from the shadow on the wall) It's a little late to dissolve our partnership.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
DOCTOR EINSTEIN	 Yeah, I know that look.	JONATHAN	 (voice over from the shadow on the wall) It's a little late to dissolve our partnership.	DOCTOR EINSTEIN	 Okay, okay, Johnny, okay. We'll do it. But the quick way, huh ? The quick twist like in London. He mimes the breaking of a neck with his fingers, and then takes a sip from his bottle	JONATHAN	 (voice over from the shadow on the wall) No, Doctor. I think this calls for something special. I think, perhaps, the Melbourne method.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
DOCTOR EINSTEIN	 Okay, okay, Johnny, okay. We'll do it. But the quick way, huh ? The quick twist like in London. He mimes the breaking of a neck with his fingers, and then takes a sip from his bottle	JONATHAN	 (voice over from the shadow on the wall) No, Doctor. I think this calls for something special. I think, perhaps, the Melbourne method.	DOCTOR EINSTEIN	 Not the Melbourne method, please ! Two hours ! And then when it was all over, what ? The fellow in London was just as dead as the fellow in Melbourne.			Arsenic and Old Lace 
MORTIMER	 Thank you, Mister President. Oh, what a load off my mind. Boy, could I use a drink ! Thank God for that. He starts going downstairs. Einstein follows him and takes his sleeve again.	DOCTOR EINSTEIN	 (whispering) Get out of here, will you, please ?	MORTIMER	 Huh ? What did you say ? Speak up, sonny. I can't hear you.	DOCTOR EINSTEIN	 (still whispering) Johnny's in a bad mood. You get out of here !	Arsenic and Old Lace 
MORTIMER	 Huh ? What did you say ? Speak up, sonny. I can't hear you.	DOCTOR EINSTEIN	 (still whispering) Johnny's in a bad mood. You get out of here !	MORTIMER	 Stop underplaying. I can't hear you.	DOCTOR EINSTEIN	 Please listen to me. Get out. Mortimer gets rid of Einstein's hands on his sleeves.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
MORTIMER	 Isn't that great ? So there he is, all waiting to be trussed up and gagged. What do you think they used to truss him up with ? He keeps on laughing while talking. Close-up of Jonathan's face, smiling.	DOCTOR EINSTEIN	 (voice over) Oh, what ?	MORTIMER	 (voice over) The curtain cord. Jonathan looks in the direction of the window... and the curtain cord.	DOCTOR EINSTEIN	 Curtain cord ? But didn't he see him get it ? Behind the seated Mortimer, Jonathan is silently walking to the window.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
DOCTOR EINSTEIN	 (voice over) Oh, what ?	MORTIMER	 (voice over) The curtain cord. Jonathan looks in the direction of the window... and the curtain cord.	DOCTOR EINSTEIN	 Curtain cord ? But didn't he see him get it ? Behind the seated Mortimer, Jonathan is silently walking to the window.	MORTIMER	 Seen him get it. No. The silly chump sits down with his back toward the murderer. Mortimer turns slightly on his chair, but without taking his eyes off Einstein, and, of course, without looking at his brother behind him, quietly cutting the curtain cords with a jack-knife.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
DOCTOR EINSTEIN	 Here, I'll split it with you. We both have a drink before we operate. Oh, I am so happy that we don't have to operate without a drink. Einstein gives a glass to Jonathan. Mortimer, who recognized the carafe, is smiling behind his gag. Jonathan smells the glass. Einstein has his glass almost to his lips, when Jonathan stops him.	JONATHAN	 Doctor. One moment, please. Where are your manners ? (to Mortimer) Yes, Mortimer. I realize now that it was you who brought me back to Brooklyn. We drink to you. Doctor ! To my dear, dead brother. They clink their glass in front of Mortimer's face. Einstein raises his glass before drinking.	DOCTOR EINSTEIN	 Prosit ! Teddy suddenly comes out of his room and plays his bugle very loudly. Both Jonathan and Einstein drop their glass on the floor. Teddy then goes back into his room and slams the door. The grand- father clock chimes once. Mortimer seems very disappointed. He moves back and forth in his chair, moaning.	JONATHAN	 That idiot ! He goes next. That's all. He goes next !	Arsenic and Old Lace 
O'HARA	 Oh, that's Mister Brewster's brother. My play put him to sleep.	BROPHY	 Oh ! That's the one that ran away. So he came back. (in the phone) Brophy. Get me Mac. (to O'Hara) Haven't you got yourself in a mess ! You're two hours overdue at the station. I better let them know that I found you. O'Hara bends on Jonathan and shakes him	O'HARA	 Hey ! It wasn't that bad, was it ?	BROPHY	 (in the phone) Mac ? Tell the Lieutenant he can call off the big manhunt. We found him... At the Brewster house... Shall we bring him in ?... All right, we'll hold him right here. He puts the phone down and turns to O'Hara, who has succeeded in waking up Jonathan and getting him on his feet. Jonathan stares at Brophy. He thinks Brophy is talking about him. Mortimer looks at his left hand, which has just been freed by Saunders.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
O'HARA	 Hey ! It wasn't that bad, was it ?	BROPHY	 (in the phone) Mac ? Tell the Lieutenant he can call off the big manhunt. We found him... At the Brewster house... Shall we bring him in ?... All right, we'll hold him right here. He puts the phone down and turns to O'Hara, who has succeeded in waking up Jonathan and getting him on his feet. Jonathan stares at Brophy. He thinks Brophy is talking about him. Mortimer looks at his left hand, which has just been freed by Saunders.	BROPHY	 The Lieutenant is on his way over.	JONATHAN	 So I've been turned in, hey ? All right, you've got me. I suppose you and my stool-pigeon brother will split the reward. Brophy and O'Hara each take one arm of Jonathan.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
JONATHAN	 Yes, reward ! Now I'll do some turning in ! Mortimer, who had his hand and legs untied by Saunders but is still gagged and has his chest still tied on the armchair, moans and moves excitedly on his seat.	O'HARA	 (to Jonathan) Oh, wait a minute, Mr. Brewster.	JONATHAN	 You think my aunts are sweet, charming old ladies, don't you ? Well, there's thirteen bodies buried in the cellar ! Yes, thirteen. Mortimer jumps on his chair and try to scream through his gag. Since he cannot succeed to get off the chair, he stands up, still gagged and tied to the back of the chair and rushes to Brophy, carrying the armchair with him.	BROPHY	 Be careful what you say about your aunts, they happen to be friends of ours.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
BROPHY	 (to Mortimer) Never mind, Mr. Brewster. Leave him to me, I'll take care of him.	JONATHAN	 (to O'Hara) You come down to the cellar.	O'HARA	 (to Jonathan) Now, wait a minute. Mortimer is still trying to talk through his gag to O'Hara and Brophy, and moves excitedly around the two cops. He moves so much that Saunders has stopped trying to untie him.	JONATHAN	 Thirteen bodies. I'll show you where they're buried.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
JONATHAN	 (to O'Hara) You come down to the cellar.	O'HARA	 (to Jonathan) Now, wait a minute. Mortimer is still trying to talk through his gag to O'Hara and Brophy, and moves excitedly around the two cops. He moves so much that Saunders has stopped trying to untie him.	JONATHAN	 Thirteen bodies. I'll show you where they're buried.	O'HARA	 Oh, yeah !	Arsenic and Old Lace 
O'HARA	 (to Jonathan) Don't ! (to Brophy) Sarge ! The three cops and Jonathan starts fighting. A fist comes out of the battle and hits Mortimer on the chin. He staggers back to the center of the room, and falls on the floor. We see Einstein cautiously appearing on the landing of the upper floor of the house. He slowly comes down the stairs. Down in the sitting-room, the fight goes on. Saunders falls on his back and Jonathan jumps on him. O'Hara, in his turn, jumps on Jonathan. Behind them, Mortimer is slowly getting up and getting rid of his ropes. Apparently, his fall has completely untied him. Einstein, watching this heated fight, moves back to the upper floor. Mortimer gets rid of his gag, and slowly moves away from the battle.	BROPHY	 (voice over) Look out, Pat !... Look out, Pat !	SAUNDERS	 (voice over) He's got a gun...	BROPHY	 (voice over) I got him, Pat. Look out !	Arsenic and Old Lace 
BROPHY	 (voice over) Look out, Pat !... Look out, Pat !	SAUNDERS	 (voice over) He's got a gun...	BROPHY	 (voice over) I got him, Pat. Look out !	MORTIMER	 Fight. Go on and fight. Mortimer climbs up a few steps on the staircase and sits down on a step.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
SAUNDERS	 (voice over) He's got a gun...	BROPHY	 (voice over) I got him, Pat. Look out !	MORTIMER	 Fight. Go on and fight. Mortimer climbs up a few steps on the staircase and sits down on a step.	MORTIMER	 That's enough, that's enough. Everybody off.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
MORTIMER	 That's enough, that's enough. Everybody off.	BROPHY	 (voice over) Pat ! Pat, look out! Mortimer, still seated on the step, quietly gets his cigarette case from his pocket, takes a cigarette, puts the case back in his pocket, while we hears the noise of the battle still going on down below.	MORTIMER	 Amazing... Such a fine day, too. All I did was cross the bridge and I was in Brooklyn. Amazing. Amazing, amazing. He takes a matchbox from another pocket and lights his cigarette. Behind Mortimer, on the wall, we see the shadows of the men fighting. Then we see various objects falling around Mortimer.	MORTIMER	 Don't... Don't bother me now. O'Hara is projected on the wall below the staircase, near the place where Mortimer is still quietly seated.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
BROPHY	 Get him, Pat. Saunders comes on the other side of Jonathan and hits him with his stick.	MORTIMER	 (in the phone) Come on, doc... (to the cops) That won't have any effect. I've tried it before... Jonathan falls heavily on the floor.	MORTIMER	 Oh, it did. Dear me ! Isn't that amazing ? O'Hara slowly lifts the lid of the window-seat. Saunders bends on the motionless body of Jonathan	MORTIMER	 Oh, dear. Wish I could relax like that. The doorbell rings, and we see the shadow of a hatted man through the frosted glass. Mortimer looks at the door.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
LIEUTENANT ROONEY	 What has occurred ?	BROPHY & SAUNDERS	 (speaking together) Well, we...	LIEUTENANT ROONEY	 Never mind ! Didn't I tell you I'd handle this myself ? O'Hara comes out of the window-seat to join his colleagues.	O'HARA	 Well, Lieutenant ! We were just acting in self-defense.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
O'HARA	 Well, Lieutenant ! We were just acting in self-defense.	LIEUTENANT ROONEY	 (pointing to the body of Jonathan) What happened ? He put up a fight ?	BROPHY	 This isn't the one who blows the bugle. This is his brother. He tried to kill O'Hara.	O'HARA	 All I said was he looked like Boris Karloff.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
LIEUTENANT ROONEY	 (voice over) Take this guy out in the kitchen and bring a pillow. I want to find out where his accomplice is.	TEDDY	 (to Mortimer) What is the meaning of this commotion ?	LIEUTENANT ROONEY	 The guy who helped him escape. He's wanted, too. Teddy gives his bugle to Mortimer.	TEDDY	 Here. He joins the group of policemen.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
TEDDY	 I'm President Roosevelt.	LIEUTENANT ROONEY	 (whispering to Brophy) What the blazes is this ?	BROPHY	 He's the guy that blows the bugle.	SAUNDERS	 Howdy, Colonel. Saunders and Brophy both salutes Teddy. Teddy salutes them back. Rooney raises his hand to salute, but rapidly puts it down with a disgusted expression on his face.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
SAUNDERS	 Howdy, Colonel. Saunders and Brophy both salutes Teddy. Teddy salutes them back. Rooney raises his hand to salute, but rapidly puts it down with a disgusted expression on his face.	LIEUTENANT ROONEY	 Well, Colonel, you've blown your last bugle. (pointing to Jonathan's body) Come on, get this guy out of here.	TEDDY	 Dear me ! Another yellow-fever victim ?	LIEUTENANT ROONEY	 What ?	Arsenic and Old Lace 
MARTHA	 You've come to meet Teddy, haven't you ?	LIEUTENANT ROONEY	 (voice over) No, he's come to take him. Teddy's been blowing his bugle again. Both sisters turn toward Rooney.	ABBY	 Oh, no-no, no, he can't go now ! We won't permit it.	MARTHA	 We promise to take his bugle away from him. We won't be separated from Teddy.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
WITHERSPOON	 Oh, no-no-no-no...	MORTIMER	 (whispering) Now, these two little sane people, mixed up with all the others, will get lost in the shuffle. You could arrange that.	WITHERSPOON	 Oh, no-no-no-no...	MORTIMER	 Just put them in and they'll get all mixed up.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
ABBY	 There's one down there, a Mister Spenalzo...	MORTIMER	 (whispering) Hasn't got it yet. He resumes his walking downstairs.	ABBY	 ...who doesn't belong here and who's going to have to leave.	MARTHA	 But the other twelve are our gentlemen.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
ABBY	 You mustn't mind him at all. He got married today.	MORTIMER	 (singing) There is a Happy Dale far, far away. There is a Happy" While singing, Mortimer makes signs to Rooney and Witherspoon. And, finally, Rooney understand what Mortimer is trying to tell him, that his aunts are crazy.	LIEUTENANT ROONEY	 (nodding) Yeah, yeah.	MORTIMER	 He got it. It's amazing.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
MORTIMER	 (singing) There is a Happy Dale far, far away. There is a Happy" While singing, Mortimer makes signs to Rooney and Witherspoon. And, finally, Rooney understand what Mortimer is trying to tell him, that his aunts are crazy.	LIEUTENANT ROONEY	 (nodding) Yeah, yeah.	MORTIMER	 He got it. It's amazing.	LIEUTENANT ROONEY	 (to Witherspoon) Look, Super, don't you think you can find room for the ladies ?	Arsenic and Old Lace 
MORTIMER	 He got it. It's amazing.	LIEUTENANT ROONEY	 (to Witherspoon) Look, Super, don't you think you can find room for the ladies ?	WITHERSPOON	 Just the ladies ? He looks at Mortimer. Mortimer stops clowning, and becomes very serious.	MORTIMER	 Just the ladies, not me !	Arsenic and Old Lace 
WITHERSPOON	 I have them, ladies, I have them right here.	LIEUTENANT ROONEY	 (to Witherspoon) Sign them up, will you, Super ? I want this all cleaned up. I'm going out to talk to that spy. Maybe I can understand him. Thirteen bodies down in the cellar. Rooney, absent-mindedly, is ready to go down to the cellar, but he checks himself and goes toward the kitchen instead.	WITHERSPOON	 Ladies, if you will sign right here.			Arsenic and Old Lace 
ABBY	 (voice over) Right here ?	WITHERSPOON	 (voice over) Yes, please. It's on the right-hand side right there. Martha and Abby are seated at the table, signing the papers. Witherspoon and Mortimer, standing besides them, are helping them.	ABBY	 I'm really looking forward to going. The neighborhood here has changed so.	MARTHA	 Yes. Especially since they won that old pennant thing.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
DOCTOR EINSTEIN	 I don't think we go to the same place.	LIEUTENANT ROONEY	 (speaking on the telephone) Hello, Mac. We picked up that guy that's wanted in Indiana. His accomplice's description is one on the circular, on the desk. Read it to me, will you ? Einstein leaves the table, and almost bumps into Saunders, who is brushing his uniform. He listen to the description of himself that Rooney is repeating from his colleague at the police station.	LIEUTENANT ROONEY	 (still on the phone) Yeah... About forty... Five-foot-three... One hundred and forty pounds... Pop eyes... Talks with a German accent... Poses as a doctor... Okay, Mac. Thanks. He puts the phone back on its hook. Witherspoon slaps Einstein on the back, and Einstein starts raising his arms.	WITHERSPOON	 It's all right, Lieutenant Rooney. The doctor here has completed the signatures.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
ABBY	 But Dr. Einstein ! Einstein picks up his suitcase, and rushes out of the door, and closes it behind him.	WITHERSPOON	 (to Mortimer) Now, Mister Witherspoon...	MORTIMER	 No, no, you're Mister Witherspoon, I'm Mister Brewster.	WITHERSPOON	 (laughing) It's contagious, yes. It's your turn.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
MORTIMER	 No, no, you're Mister Witherspoon, I'm Mister Brewster.	WITHERSPOON	 (laughing) It's contagious, yes. It's your turn.	MORTIMER	 Now, don't play games...	WITHERSPOON	 You sign. You sign as next of kin.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
LIEUTENANT ROONEY	 What's all this screaming about ? Elaine tries to put a few words but Mortimer keeps on kissing her.	ELAINE	 (mumbles through Mortimer's mouth) But I saw them...	MORTIMER	 It's way past her bedtime. With his mouth still pressed on her, he lifts her and carries her across the room to the front door.	MORTIMER	 Quiet !	Arsenic and Old Lace 
ELAINE	 Oh, Mortimer. They kiss very tenderly. The cab driver comes closer to the couple and looks at their closed-eyes faces.	CAB DRIVER	 (imitating Elaine's voice) Oh, Mortimer. Mortimer turns to him.	MORTIMER	 (to the cab driver) Oh, we're going to Niagara Falls. Call me a cab, dear.	CAB DRIVER	 Yes, love. The cab driver realizes his mistake and checks himself.	Arsenic and Old Lace 
CAB DRIVER	 (imitating Elaine's voice) Oh, Mortimer. Mortimer turns to him.	MORTIMER	 (to the cab driver) Oh, we're going to Niagara Falls. Call me a cab, dear.	CAB DRIVER	 Yes, love. The cab driver realizes his mistake and checks himself.	CAB DRIVER	 But, Mister Brewster !	Arsenic and Old Lace 
