COLETTE (V.O.)	 (Reading) ...consumed totally, completely, absolutely, by endless thoughts of Yuri fondling her breast, his other hand groping her womanhood, knowing... They sit around the dining room table. Colette, convinced	CAPTION: WILLIAM BRUCE	 The OLDEST MEMBER of the group (over 60) sits with his arms folded as he listens, shifting in his chair. Captain Grumpy.	CAPTION: JOHN K. BUTZIN	 Finally, the young (mid-to-late 20s), angelic, WOMAN listening intently, the one who probably stopped to rescue a cat on her way here.	CAPTION: HANNAH RINALDI		Authors Anonymous 
WILLIAM	 It's my creative vision, John.	ALAN	 (Jumping in) Which we are here to support. This is William's decision.	WILLIAM	 Let me just read. See if you can pick out the word. Tell me if it's better, or worse.	JOHN	 (Muttering) One goddamn word. Henry continues staring at the empty chair.	Authors Anonymous 
WILLIAM	 Let me just read. See if you can pick out the word. Tell me if it's better, or worse.	JOHN	 (Muttering) One goddamn word. Henry continues staring at the empty chair.					Authors Anonymous 
ALAN	 (Smiling) All for one . . . . But our camera picks up on the individual writers and something is amiss. Everything seems a beat off. People appear happy, but a little subdued. The joy seems a bit too forced.	HANNAH	 I'm merely the first one to get signed. But we're all going to have an agent soon.	JOHN	 Well, as a matter of fact, there's an agent in Santa Monica very interested in John K. Butzin. He's reading the manuscript as we speak. The others let John's remark pass without comment.   William taps Henry on the shoulder.			Authors Anonymous 
JOHN	 Well, as a matter of fact, there's an agent in Santa Monica very interested in John K. Butzin. He's reading the manuscript as we speak. The others let John's remark pass without comment.   William taps Henry on the shoulder.	WILLIAM	 (Lower voice) Hey, can you lend me ten bucks? Henry is still a bit dazed by this unexpected turn of events.	HENRY	 Sure.	WILLIAM	 Thanks, bro'. You're the best. Henry's eyes can't leave Hannah.	Authors Anonymous 
HANNAH	 (Calling back) Thank you! 'Night. Alan and Colette continue to smile and wave until Hannah is out of ear shot.	ALAN	 Well, Hannah's got an agent. Short beat.	COLETTE	 She must have slept with him.			Authors Anonymous 
MAUREEN	 Colette Mooney. My, that woman is something else. A light goes off in Hannah's head.	HANNAH	 (To herself; counting on her fingers) Colette Mooney. C-o-l-e-t-t-e M-o-o- n-e... She can't finish the count. The ugly truth is staring her in the face.	HANNAH (CONT'D)	 13 letters.    Oh, dear... Hannah and Maureen exchange concerned looks.			Authors Anonymous 
ALAN	 Question: You think your agent might be interested in this idea? Does he have a dog?	HANNAH	 (Evading) Oh. I don't know--	ALAN	 How about a cat? It could be a cat.	HANNAH	 Um. Sure.   Probably could be.	Authors Anonymous 
HENRY	 I'll help you develop the idea, Alan. Alan looks pleased. Hannah looks grateful. 40   INT. RESTAURANT #1 - DAY                                        40 The TWO MIDDLE-AGED WOMEN (CUSTOMER #1 AND CUSTOMER #2) sit across from each other in the nearly-deserted restaurant. Body language suggests an intense, passionate, personal chat.	WILLIAM (V.O.)	 A writer has to hear everything. On the streets. In the restaurants. But something's amiss. Customer #1 stops abruptly, glancing at the table next to them: William has suddenly materialized. Sitting with a cup of coffee and a legal pad, scribbling.	WILLIAM (V.O.) (CONT'D)	 My dialogue has to be real so I'm everywhere. Standing behind you at the checkout stand.			Authors Anonymous 
HENRY	 What?	HANNAH	 (Nodding excitedly) Brian sold Sleeping on the Moon! Now Maureen starts jumping up and down. Henry can't hide his surprise.	MAUREEN	 Oh my god!   Oh my god!	HANNAH	 (On telephone) Yes, Brian. I will. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I will. Promise. Thank you! Hannah turns off her iPhone. Mother and daughter can't believe the news. Jumping up and down. Warm embrace.	Authors Anonymous 
MAUREEN	 Oh my god!   Oh my god!	HANNAH	 (On telephone) Yes, Brian. I will. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I will. Promise. Thank you! Hannah turns off her iPhone. Mother and daughter can't believe the news. Jumping up and down. Warm embrace. In turn, they both embrace Henry, who also shares the genuine, sincere moment.	HENRY	 You did it, Hannah!   You did it!			Authors Anonymous 
ALAN	 Don't ask her that.	WILLIAM	 (Shrugging) Why not? How much did you get?	HANNAH	 I did OK. Leave it at that. What's important is that I owe this success to all of you. I would be lost without this writing group.	JOHN	 (Louder than normal) I don't know if anyone heard. All eyes turn to John, still inhaling pizza.	Authors Anonymous 
HANNAH	 I did OK. Leave it at that. What's important is that I owe this success to all of you. I would be lost without this writing group.	JOHN	 (Louder than normal) I don't know if anyone heard. All eyes turn to John, still inhaling pizza.	JOHN (CONT'D)	 But U.R. the Publisher has agreed to publish Roaring Lion by John K. Butzin. Puzzled looks are the reaction.			Authors Anonymous 
JOHN	 That's right, Obert. But I'll have my book in two weeks. None of this B.S. waiting around. John K. Butzin will be a published author. And be published first.	HANNAH	 (Ever-diplomatic) Well, John. Congratulations. She leans over and gives him the briefest of hugs. There are other congratulatory murmurs coming from the group.	ALAN	 My, two published authors in the group. The rest of us are going to have to catch up.			Authors Anonymous 
HENRY	 Well.   In terms of the characters--	JOHN	 (Jumping in) --Hold on, Obert. I wanna hear from her. John points towards Hannah.	ALAN	 We'll hear from everybody.	JOHN	 I don't want to hear from everybody. She has a book coming out. John K. Butzin has a book coming out. I want to hear from Hannah, author to author.	Authors Anonymous 
ALAN (CONT'D)	 Ahhh, idea for Michael Crichton-type novel. Members of Antarctic research station attacked by mutant penguins. Satisfied, Alan turns off the recorder while John reaches for more pizza. 49   EXT. COLETTE'S GARDEN - DAY                                        49 Colette is back on her bench. Standing behind her is a mysterious MAN (Over 40) who favors black clothes and dark shades.	CAPTION: DR. XIROMAN		COLETTE	 I want you to meet someone special. This is my spiritual adviser. Doctor Xiroman has taken a vow of silence for one full year to protest climate change. What an amazing man. Dr. Xiroman is going to cleanse the air of all this rejection. Camera goes to Dr. Xiroman. Somber, expressionless. Does he even have a pulse? Dr. Xiroman walks over to small fire pit and meditates as he places his hands over the rising flames. Colette begins a New Age chant for added support.			Authors Anonymous 
COLETTE	 I want you to meet someone special. This is my spiritual adviser. Doctor Xiroman has taken a vow of silence for one full year to protest climate change. What an amazing man. Dr. Xiroman is going to cleanse the air of all this rejection. Camera goes to Dr. Xiroman. Somber, expressionless. Does he even have a pulse? Dr. Xiroman walks over to small fire pit and meditates as he places his hands over the rising flames. Colette begins a New Age chant for added support. 50   INT. RESTAURANT #2 - DAY                                           50 THREE YOUNG MEN in the corner booth. Jeans and baseball caps. Very animated conversation. Loud, punctuated by laughter. They think they're the only people in the joint. The WAITRESS-- EUDORA (20's)--with the purple streaks in her hair and matching purple glasses, refills their cups. William sits alone at the counter, impossible to hide his disdain. He talks to the camera with the three men in the background.	WILLIAM	 See those jokers back there?					Authors Anonymous 
ALAN (CONT'D)	 Call it karma or serendipity or kismet. Whatever. But it just so happens that very well-known literary agent David Keller--	COLETTE	 (Interrupting) --Very well-known. He's so known.	ALAN	 Exactly. Well, guess who is coming in tomorrow to see Dr. Alan Mooney for an eye examination and new glasses? Colette starts squealing in anticipation. Alan nods with confidence and flashes a "thumbs up."			Authors Anonymous 
ALAN	 Love you more, Poodles. 53   INT. ALAN'S OFFICE - DAY                                           53 The casually dressed MAN (40's) sits in the waiting area for Alan Mooney, spending time on his iPhone, conducting business as he waits.	CAPTION: DAVID KELLER	 He doesn't have to wait long. Alan personally comes out into the waiting area to fetch him. Big grin. Hand extended.	ALAN	 Dr. Alan Mooney. David, caught off guard by the doctor's sudden appearance, winds up his phone conversation.			Authors Anonymous 
ALAN	 Dr. Alan Mooney. David, caught off guard by the doctor's sudden appearance, winds up his phone conversation.	DAVID	 (on phone) Let me call you back. David stands up.	DAVID (CONT'D)	 David Keller. They shake hands.	ALAN	 I know. Big fan. Big fan. David can't help but notice the camera.	Authors Anonymous 
ALAN (CONT'D)	 OK, David. See if you can read that first line for me, please.	DAVID	 (Reading)	X7K6AC		ALAN	 Very good, David. Would you like to try for what's behind Door Number Three? Try this one, please. Alan brings up a different line on the screen.	Authors Anonymous 
ALAN	 Very good, David. Would you like to try for what's behind Door Number Three? Try this one, please. Alan brings up a different line on the screen.	DAVID	 (Reading)	E2PH8S		ALAN	 20/25. Looking good, David. But anyone can identify simple letters and numbers. Let's see how you do reading a more challenging text. Alan brings up a different page. Several paragraphs on a printed page.	Authors Anonymous 
ALAN	 Good. Read me the first paragraph, please.	DAVID	 (Reading; monotone) Natasha, the Russian peasant, dressed oh-so-slowly, consumed totally, completely, absolutely, by endless thoughts of Yuri.	ALAN	 Oh. Very nice. Very nice. Now the next paragraph, please. David looks rather puzzled, but complies.	DAVID	 (Reading; monotone) "I never, ever thought I could feel this way," Natasha said excitedly. "Nor could I," Yuri said happily, his body dripping with enormous beads of sweat.	Authors Anonymous 
ALAN	 Oh. Very nice. Very nice. Now the next paragraph, please. David looks rather puzzled, but complies.	DAVID	 (Reading; monotone) "I never, ever thought I could feel this way," Natasha said excitedly. "Nor could I," Yuri said happily, his body dripping with enormous beads of sweat.	ALAN	 Man. Wow. Gee. Isn't that great writing? My wife Colette wrote that. The patients just love reading her stuff. It's from her new novel, Nyet, Not Yet. A loud KNOCK on the examination room door. David is saved by the bell.	ALAN (CONT'D)	 My, I wonder who that could be. He walks over to the door, opens it and feigns surprise to see Colette. She moves right in.	Authors Anonymous 
ALAN	 Colette? Gee, this is an incredible coincidence. We were just talking about you. And here you are! Colette is locked like a laser beam on David Keller.	COLETTE	 (Gushing) Hello.	ALAN	 Oh, where are my manners? Colette, this is David Keller. David, this is my wife, Colette Mooney. The writer.			Authors Anonymous 
COLETTE	 Well, I was just dropping off--	ALAN	 (Overlapping) Oh, of course. Thanks for bringing it by. Say, honey, David's been reading that first page of yours. You don't happen to have any more of that opening chapter, do you? Colette thinks for a second.	COLETTE	 As a matter of fact, I think I do. I think I do. Colette searches her large PURSE and produces a manila folder.	ALAN	 Say, how about that? Colette hands the manila folder to David, who accepts it reluctantly. He's been had.	Authors Anonymous 
COLETTE (V.O.)	 (Overlapping Alan) I did it.	ALAN (V.O.)	 (Overlapping Colette) We did it.					Authors Anonymous 
HENRY (CONT'D)	 (Reciting from heart) Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgiastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that's--	HANNAH	 (Interjecting) I've never read it. Henry can't hide his surprise.	HENRY	 What? Hannah stops, cognizant of the ever-present camera.			Authors Anonymous 
HANNAH	 (To camera) Could you turn that off for a few minutes, please?	HENRY	 You know they can't. What's wrong? Hannah hesitates.   Counts to three. Lowers her voice.	HANNAH	 I've never read The Great Gatsby.			Authors Anonymous 
JOHN	 This is a big moment. Roaring Lion has been posted on Amazon.com. Now all books. Your fiction. Your nonfiction. They're ranked on Amazon by sales. Obviously everyone wants to be number one. They say a book is selling well on Amazon if it's in the top 5000. Time to run it up the flag pole. Sigrid? Nervous, Sigrid takes a deep breath and taps away on the computer keys. She waits, focused intently on the screen.	SIGRID	 (Reading slowly aloud) 2,472,899 . . . Silence. Long silence as it all sinks in. John seems suddenly uncomfortable. Sigrid types away on the computer keys again. Reads off the screen.	SIGRID (CONT'D)	 Tom Clancy.    32. John discovers a new interest in the ceiling.			Authors Anonymous 
SIGRID	 International edition! John nods convincingly in agreement.	ALL	 (Except John and Sigrid) Oh...					Authors Anonymous 
WILLIAM (CONT'D)	 Hannah. Hannah. Hannah. We could have been so hot together. I'm just as good a writer as you are, but you sure look better in a skirt --	HENRY	 (Voice rising) That's enough.	WILLIAM	 I don't need any of you. I don't need any of your pointless, pedestrian feedback. I'm a writer.	JOHN	 You've got goddamn three pages.	Authors Anonymous 
ALAN	 Idea for novel. Jealous husband murders his tramp-of-a-wife and buries her chopped-up body in the back yard. Colette pretends not to hear. Line inches forward. Alan cranes his neck to see what's happening.	HENRY	 (To himself) Mr. Benedict, I just want to thank you. No. You've inspired my writing-- No. Hi. I'm Henry. I just think you're the greatest... Colette puts a friendly hand on Henry's shoulder.	COLETTE	 Let me tell you something, Henry. Henry looks to her, expecting words of comfort.			Authors Anonymous 
JOHN (CONT'D)	 Strudel, check my sales ranking again. Sigrid steps to the computer and taps a couple keys. Stares at the screen.	SIGRID	 (Reading out loud) 1,644,973 . . . Not quite the hoped-for response. Turns quiet inside the mobile home. John clears his throat.	JOHN	 Wow. Look how far I've moved up already. Sigrid types again. Reads off the screen.			Authors Anonymous 
HANNAH	 I've never seen him before.	HENRY	 (To himself) Pleasure to meet you. No. Honor to meet you. He She They is my favorite novel. Closer...Closer...Closer they get to the table. Richard signs away. Henry seems transfixed by him. Now it's his turn to have his book signed.	CLERK	 Next, please. The moment has arrived. Henry stands directly in front of Richard Benedict. Henry seems nervous. Too nervous to speak. Richard looks up and for the slightest, milli-second their eyes meet. At that exact moment, RICHARD'S CELL PHONE GOES OFF. He answers.	RICHARD	 (On phone) What?! Henry stands there, unable to move, staring at Richard while he speaks on the phone.	Authors Anonymous 
CLERK	 Next, please. The moment has arrived. Henry stands directly in front of Richard Benedict. Henry seems nervous. Too nervous to speak. Richard looks up and for the slightest, milli-second their eyes meet. At that exact moment, RICHARD'S CELL PHONE GOES OFF. He answers.	RICHARD	 (On phone) What?! Henry stands there, unable to move, staring at Richard while he speaks on the phone.	CLERK	 (To Henry) Sir? No response.   Alan nudges Henry. No good.			Authors Anonymous 
RICHARD	 (On phone) What?! Henry stands there, unable to move, staring at Richard while he speaks on the phone.	CLERK	 (To Henry) Sir? No response.   Alan nudges Henry. No good.	CLERK (CONT'D)	 Sir? We need to keep the line moving. Sir? Alan intervenes. He takes Henry's copy of the novel and slides it over to Benedict. Benedict scribbles his name quickly and slides it back with no eye contact, yelling on the phone.			Authors Anonymous 
CLERK (CONT'D)	 Sir? We need to keep the line moving. Sir? Alan intervenes. He takes Henry's copy of the novel and slides it over to Benedict. Benedict scribbles his name quickly and slides it back with no eye contact, yelling on the phone.	RICHARD	 (On phone) Absolutely not! I'll sue that bastard first... Alan grabs the book and gives it back to Henry, nudging him again.	ALAN	 We need to move, Henry. Alan and Colette slide their book over to Richard.	COLETTE	 Hi there. Richard looks up at her for a split second and decides to ignore her. Another scribbled signature as he remains on the phone. Colette takes the book, trying not to look hurt. Alan grabs Henry and they leave the area. Hannah is next up. She puts her book down on the table.	Authors Anonymous 
COLETTE	 Hi there. Richard looks up at her for a split second and decides to ignore her. Another scribbled signature as he remains on the phone. Colette takes the book, trying not to look hurt. Alan grabs Henry and they leave the area. Hannah is next up. She puts her book down on the table.	RICHARD	 (On phone) Damn it! That simply won't-- Richard glances up. Sees Hannah standing there. He stops in mid-sentence. Smiles.	RICHARD (CONT'D)	 Hi.	HANNAH	 Hello. Richard hangs up the phone. The two start chatting. Camera goes over to the shell-shocked Henry, still clutching his book, watching as Hannah and Richard carry on. Henry is so disconcerted by what he sees that he fails to notice Eudora, still with purple hair and matching glasses, the very next person in line behind Hannah, waving at him.	Authors Anonymous 
HENRY	 Who!?!? Richard Benedict. You know, the guy who just held up the line for five minutes talking to you?	ALAN	 (Over his shoulder) Ten. It was closer to ten minutes.	HANNAH	 I don't know. We just talked.	HENRY	 He sure liked you.	Authors Anonymous 
COLETTE	 Unbelievable. Henry inches closer to Hannah, forcing Hannah to move back, creating an uneasy dance between the two. She turns her back on Henry.	HANNAH	 (On telephone) Coffee? Oh, God. I don't know, Richard. I really appreciate the invitation, but-- She listens. Her face is anguished. Finally --	HANNAH (CONT'D)	 This isn't a good time. Call me later. Yes. I'll think about it. Yes. Bye. Hannah turns off her phone. Alan, Colette, Henry stand there, gaping jaws wide open.	ALAN	 Amazing.	Authors Anonymous 
LOIS (CONT'D)	 Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. A positive message to share. Helping people. That's it!	COLETTE	 (Confused) What?	LOIS	 Of course. Dr. Xiroman, you should write a book. This could be a whole series.	COLETTE	 But--	Authors Anonymous 
RICHARD (CONT'D)	 What the --	HENRY	 (Overlapping) They're with me. Your total comes to nineteen dollars and sixty-five cents. Richard pulls a crumpled twenty from his jean pocket. He hands it to Henry. Then reconsiders, calling inside.	RICHARD	 Babe, I need a single. No response.	RICHARD (CONT'D)	 C'mon, babe. Got a dollar for Pizza Boy?	Authors Anonymous 
COLETTE	 --Oh, please. Alan.	ALAN	 (Voice rising) I am the leader of the group.	COLETTE	 And Dr. Xiroman is my co-author and he is joining "the group."	ALAN	 He is not.	Authors Anonymous 
ALAN	 Is n-- Hannah can't take it any longer. She throws up her hands.	HANNAH	 (Yelling)	STOP!	 The room turns quiet. All eyes on Hannah. She composes herself.	HANNAH (CONT'D)	 I'm leaving. Surprise all around.    Hannah avoids looking at Henry.	Authors Anonymous 
HENRY	 International?	JOHN	 Damn straight. Tijuana. (Beat) I'm done with you pussies. John snatches up his folder and marches out of the house. Silence. Colette starts to sit down at the table--motions for Xiroman to join her. Final straw for Alan. Stares directly at Colette.	ALAN	 Get out.    Now. Colette can't believe what she's hearing.	ALAN (CONT'D)	 As the leader of this writing group, I've determined your actions are contrary to our stated purpose. Get out.	Authors Anonymous 
HENRY	 Well, pretty hard to miss that article about you in People magazine. Just wanted to say hi. And congratulations. Maureen comes up behind Hannah. Beams at Henry, and waves.	MAUREEN	 Hello, Henry. (To Hannah) Hannah, come back. Your public awaits.	HENRY	 Go on. They need you.	HANNAH	 Please stay.	Authors Anonymous 
HANNAH (CONT'D)	 This is for you.	HENRY	 (Protesting) Hannah . . .	HANNAH	 Take it. Henry accepts the book. Hannah gives him another long hug.	HANNAH (CONT'D)	 Do you want to say hello to Richard?	Authors Anonymous 
EUDORA	 Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgiastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that's no matter--	HENRY	 (Surprised) --Tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms further... Eudora nods. Henry is amazed.	HENRY (CONT'D)	 You know Fitzgerald?	EUDORA	 Not intimately. He died here, you know.	Authors Anonymous 
