WOMAN	 Well, you're wrong. I don't.	WILLS	 (with a weary smile) Give it time.	CHARLOTTE	 -- and for weeks I sat by her bed and cried. I told her I loved her and I begged her not to leave me. All I could think about was what I'd lose if she died. And then one night... she was in really bad pain... I stopped thinking about myself for a second and I thought about her. (fighting tears) I stopped crying. I said goodbye. And in less than an hour Ella was gone.	WOMAN	 It's so sad.	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 (with a weary smile) Give it time.	CHARLOTTE	 -- and for weeks I sat by her bed and cried. I told her I loved her and I begged her not to leave me. All I could think about was what I'd lose if she died. And then one night... she was in really bad pain... I stopped thinking about myself for a second and I thought about her. (fighting tears) I stopped crying. I said goodbye. And in less than an hour Ella was gone.	WOMAN	 It's so sad.	CHARLOTTE	 I really think it's possible to hold a person back... cry them back... from dying. That's what I did to Ella and I'll never do it to anyone else again. (softly) I hope no one ever does it to me.	Autumn in New York 
WOMAN	 It's so sad.	CHARLOTTE	 I really think it's possible to hold a person back... cry them back... from dying. That's what I did to Ella and I'll never do it to anyone else again. (softly) I hope no one ever does it to me.	WOMAN	 So what do you know about her?	WILLS	 That she's just a kid.	Autumn in New York 
TANYA	 Oh, I do -- except for the fact that there isn't a single thing on the menu I can eat.	WILLS	 (with a chuckle) Sure, there is; there's just very little you're willing to digest.	TANYA	 Fine then. We'll go, I'll get big, fat, and horrible, and it'll serve you right.	WILLS	 No, it won't. Because it takes at least a few weeks to get fat and by then you won't even be speaking to me.	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 No, it won't. Because it takes at least a few weeks to get fat and by then you won't even be speaking to me.	TANYA	 (curiously) Why do you say that?	WILLS	 Because we have no future. All I can offer you is this... what we have right now... nothing more meaningful... until it ends.	WILLS	 I could have waited to tell you, but I wanted to leave no room for misunderstanding.	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 How are you, Melissa?	MELISSA	 (blushing) Fine, Mr. Keane.	WILLS	 Good evening, Celia. And how --	CELIA	 (with forced cheeriness) Just dandy, sir, thanks!	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 Good evening, Celia. And how --	CELIA	 (with forced cheeriness) Just dandy, sir, thanks!	JESUS	 Table seven.	CELIA	 This way, please.	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 How's it going?	JOHN	 (covering the phone) Chaos.	WILLS	 The house specialty.	JOHN	 Easy for you to say, ya prick. Waltzin' in here like you own the joint.	Autumn in New York 
CELIA	 It is?	WILLS	 Sure. (beat) Especially for me.	WILLS	 Actually, I appreciate your concern, Celia. The truth is I'm a little worried myself.	CELIA	 Seriously?	Autumn in New York 
CELIA	 Seriously?	WILLS	 Seriously. I've been trying to do better. (uneasily) But... you know how it is... old habits die hard.	CELIA	 So I'm not fired?	WILLS	 Nope. In fact, John's been looking for an assistant. Tell him you've just been promoted.	Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 You guys! Let me think! (concentrating) Okay. Okay.	SIMON	 Watch carefully, everyone -- they ought to begin emerging any moment now.	CHARLOTTE	 Very funny! Actually, any moment now you're gonna turn straight and fall at my feet.			Autumn in New York 
SHANNON	 No way!	CHARLOTTE	 Don't! (to Simon) Wait a few seconds, then go to the bathroom.	SIMON	 How will I know him?	CHARLOTTE	 He's beautiful. And much older.	Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 He's beautiful. And much older.	SIMON	 Really? (getting up) If he's rich you might have a fight on your hands.	CHARLOTTE	 Okay, look.	SHANNON	 He's as old as my dad!	Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 Thanks.	SHANNON	 (under her breath) Twenty years old and never been...	CHARLOTTE	 (laughing) Shut up!	WILLS	 I'll let you get back to your celebration. (kissing Dolly's cheek) A pleasure to see you again.	Autumn in New York 
SHANNON	 (under her breath) Twenty years old and never been...	CHARLOTTE	 (laughing) Shut up!	WILLS	 I'll let you get back to your celebration. (kissing Dolly's cheek) A pleasure to see you again.	DOLLY	 Same here.	Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 (laughing) Shut up!	WILLS	 I'll let you get back to your celebration. (kissing Dolly's cheek) A pleasure to see you again.	DOLLY	 Same here.	SIMON	 Leaving so soon?	Autumn in New York 
SIMON	 Be still my beating heart. (beat) Or is that your heart?	SHANNON	 (whisper to Charlotte) You're not really into him, are you?	CHARLOTTE	 Hey, Dolly, how do you know him?	DOLLY	 (uneasily) From Newport. Old friend of your mom's.	Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 Hey, Dolly, how do you know him?	DOLLY	 (uneasily) From Newport. Old friend of your mom's.					Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 Kinda cool, kinda creepy. Anyway, you wanna speak to my grandmother?	WILLS	 (with a chuckle) I don't think so.	WILLS	 I called because I'm going to be attending a benefit... a black-and- white ball.... and I'd like you to design a hat... for my date.	CHARLOTTE	 Really? Wow. Sounds fun. Okay.	Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 Any particular style?	WILLS	 (sipping his coffee) No, just plenty of it. How long will it take?	CHARLOTTE	 A week or two.	WILLS	 You have till Thursday. I'll need it here by seven o'clock. I'm at the Pembroke on Central Park West and 76th.	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 What's your fee?	CHARLOTTE	 (faltering) I don't really have one. I usually just make them for friends.	WILLS	 How's five hundred dollars?	CHARLOTTE	 Really? Wow.	Autumn in New York 
JOHN	 Save it, pal! Don't even bother! I may not have gone to a fancy school like Bendover --	WILLS	 (to Sarah) That would be Andover.	SARAH	 Sure, if his folks could have afforded it.	JOHN	 -- but when Wills Keane comps three bottles of Dom to a twenty-year-old girl, then tells me he did it 'cause he likes the kid's grandma, I smell a rat!	Autumn in New York 
JOHN	 -- but when Wills Keane comps three bottles of Dom to a twenty-year-old girl, then tells me he did it 'cause he likes the kid's grandma, I smell a rat!	SARAH	 (looking around) Oh, is that what that is? I figured there was a dirty diaper somewhere.	WILLS	 (lightly) Okay, I admit it, she interests me.	JOHN	 (turning to Sarah) He's gonna do it! I don't believe it! He moved us back here for nothing!	Autumn in New York 
SARAH	 (looking around) Oh, is that what that is? I figured there was a dirty diaper somewhere.	WILLS	 (lightly) Okay, I admit it, she interests me.	JOHN	 (turning to Sarah) He's gonna do it! I don't believe it! He moved us back here for nothing!	SARAH	 So much for that turned leaf.	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 (lightly) Okay, I admit it, she interests me.	JOHN	 (turning to Sarah) He's gonna do it! I don't believe it! He moved us back here for nothing!	SARAH	 So much for that turned leaf.	WILLS	 (amused) Come on, you're overreacting.	Autumn in New York 
SARAH	 So much for that turned leaf.	WILLS	 (amused) Come on, you're overreacting.	JOHN	 Is that what you think? Buddy, since we hit town, I have done nothin' but cut you slack! Every week a new woman on your arm and I didn't say a word. Why? 'Cause I figured at least they're in the right demographic. Maybe by accident you'll trip over something substantial. But this little girl? Best she could be is Miss Right's daughter!	WILLS	 (uneasily) I know. It's just that there's something about her. She's special... and I just thought --	Autumn in New York 
JOHN	 Is that what you think? Buddy, since we hit town, I have done nothin' but cut you slack! Every week a new woman on your arm and I didn't say a word. Why? 'Cause I figured at least they're in the right demographic. Maybe by accident you'll trip over something substantial. But this little girl? Best she could be is Miss Right's daughter!	WILLS	 (uneasily) I know. It's just that there's something about her. She's special... and I just thought --	SARAH	 "She's young. She's hot. I'm on the verge of menopause. Why not go for it?"	WILLS	 There wouldn't be much point in lying to you, would there?	Autumn in New York 
SHANNON	 Am I the most spoiled brat in the world or what?	CHARLOTTE	 Spoiled brats don't even ask questions like that. (re: the hat) What do you think?	SHANNON	 That you're the most beautiful person in the entire world.			Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 I wanted it to be a tiny poem.	WILLS	 If only I had some use for it. (off her look) My date canceled a few hours ago.	CHARLOTTE	 Why?	WILLS	 I don't know. She was vague. Would you... like to come in her place?	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 The outfit I bought her is hanging in the guest room closet.	CHARLOTTE	 (anxiously) It's okay? Are you sure?	WILLS	 (amused) Of course.			Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 (anxiously) It's okay? Are you sure?	WILLS	 (amused) Of course.					Autumn in New York 
LISA	 Why do you say that?	RICH WOMAN #1	 (with an icy smile) Good wives are rarely found up cherry trees.					Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 I met Ella in the fourth grade. She was my teacher at the Little Red School House. We stayed friends after she retired. She taught me how to cook and sew... speak Italian... basically enjoy life, have fun -- that's what she was best at... even when she knew she was dying. (pause) The most important thing she did was introduce me to poetry. She believed it was the highest form of art and that everything we say and do should aspire to it.	WILLS	 It sounds as though, in a way, she took your mom's place...	CHARLOTTE	 My mom and my dad's. After they died, Dolly was so devastated she pretty much gave up on everything. It was like if something that tragic could happen, there was no way she was ever gonna care about anyone else ever again. Including herself. She wasn't a horrible parent... she didn't abuse me or anything... she just ignored me. She was more like a weird landlady than a grandmother.			Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 A major womanizer, right?	LISA	 That's what they say. (beat) I'm Lisa.	CHARLOTTE	 Charlotte Fielding.	LISA	 Anyway, I should keep mingling. But it was nice to meet you.	Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 Lisa something.	WILLS	 (lifting his glass) Here's to --	CHARLOTTE	 Us.			Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 He asked nonchalantly.	WILLS	 You see, Charlotte, the way you know you're getting older is that you start to notice patterns. People start falling into types. Pretty soon you know a person before you've even been introduced. And if it's a woman, before the romance even starts, a whisper in your head tells you exactly what it is and how long it's going to last. And the saddest, the most tedious, part of all is that that little voice is almost always right. (popping the cork) Now, what I like about you -- and I think that's actually what inspired this little lecture -- is that I find you completely unprecedented... and, therefore, wholly unpredictable.	CHARLOTTE	 God, it must be a relief.	WILLS	 (confused) What?	Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 God, it must be a relief.	WILLS	 (confused) What?	CHARLOTTE	 To finally deliver that speech to a woman and actually have it apply to her.	WILLS	 Now wait a minute.	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 Not much. I took her home and she pointed out an irony -- that fate was now offering us the very same thing that just this morning I'd told her was all I could offer her: a relationship with no future.	JOHN	 (chuckling) A kid figured that out?	WILLS	 She's not a kid! That's what I've been trying to tell you. Nothing's lost on her. I'm the kid. She... I don't know what the hell she is... (muttering) But I do know what she was.	WILLS	 A virgin.	Autumn in New York 
JOHN	 (chuckling) A kid figured that out?	WILLS	 She's not a kid! That's what I've been trying to tell you. Nothing's lost on her. I'm the kid. She... I don't know what the hell she is... (muttering) But I do know what she was.	WILLS	 A virgin.	JOHN	 What?	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 I had no idea. That's the only reason she had her party here, so she could lure me into doing the honors.	JOHN	 (grinning) She used you, pal.	WILLS	 I know.	JOHN	 The hangman got hanged. How's it feel?	Autumn in New York 
DOLLY	 She'll be right down. She's upstairs, gildin' the lily. (shouting up the stairs)	HE'S HERE!	 (wryly) Do come in.					Autumn in New York 
SIMON	 It really is uncanny. I tell you, in that dress you're the spitting image of Michel Simon.	CHARLOTTE	 (flattered) Who's she?	SIMON	 A French character actor, long dead, who was not only hideous and fat, but quite male.	CHARLOTTE	 So that would be a "no."	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 What do you mean?	DOLLY	 First time you came to pick up Katie, you brought me flowers. Just like those. (to herself) Flower the mother; then deflower the daughter. But Katie was too smart for you...	WILLS	 Dolly, look --	DOLLY	 (abruptly) Aw, why the hell don't you leave her alone? Christ, she's sick!	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 Dolly, look --	DOLLY	 (abruptly) Aw, why the hell don't you leave her alone? Christ, she's sick!	CHARLOTTE	 What? What's wrong?	DOLLY	 You look like your mom is all.	Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 Soon. But I'm warning you, it's not going to be anything material.	WILLS	 Why not? (then solemnly) Oh, I see... because you're sick. Because --	CHARLOTTE	 That's right, but we're not gonna talk about that.	WILLS	 How come?	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 Are you sure? I mean, there are specialists who --	CHARLOTTE	 Don't start, okay? (abruptly) Now what I would enjoy is taking you shopping. For clothes. I'm serious. It's quality not quantity, you know.					Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 I never had a date for the benefit. My plan from the beginning was for you to come with me.	CHARLOTTE	 So I made the hat for myself? (He nods.) And you bought that dress for me? (He nods.) And you did all this just so you could sleep with me? (He nods.) Why? I mean, why me?	WILLS	 The eulogy you gave at Ella's service was so... impressive. You spoke about her death... about loss... in a way that I could never have done. You understood life emotionally in a way that I didn't. Whatever that understanding was, I wanted to get close to it.	CHARLOTTE	 And sex seemed like the best way to do it.	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 We can't spend every waking moment together.	JOHN	 Why not? (pause) No, seriously. Why not?	CELIA	 Special delivery!	WILLS	 No trouble?	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 I'm not even tempted!	CHARLOTTE'S VOICE	 (from another room) I'll be right out!	OLIVIA	 You like hot cider?	WILLS	 Sure, thanks.	Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 I had no idea I was so tired.	SARAH	 (from across the room) They're down?	CHARLOTTE	 And out. (looking around) Where's Lucifer?	JESUS	 (jokingly) Last time I saw him, he was in the kitchen going pretty heavily with Holly Golightly.	Autumn in New York 
SARAH	 (from across the room) They're down?	CHARLOTTE	 And out. (looking around) Where's Lucifer?	JESUS	 (jokingly) Last time I saw him, he was in the kitchen going pretty heavily with Holly Golightly.	CELIA	 Hey, no gossip! Holly's a valued customer.	Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 And out. (looking around) Where's Lucifer?	JESUS	 (jokingly) Last time I saw him, he was in the kitchen going pretty heavily with Holly Golightly.	CELIA	 Hey, no gossip! Holly's a valued customer.	CHARLOTTE	 Lemme at 'er!	Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 Thank you.	WENDY	 (re: her outfit) Betsy Ross, right?	CHARLOTTE	 You guessed it.	WILLS	 Is the party over?	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 Look, I never pretended to be anything other than --	CHARLOTTE	 (a piteous cry) You hate yourself so much!					Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 This was all a mistake. Right from the start. All of it. I'm a grown man and you're a child. (beat) Anyway, you have better things to do with your last -- With your time than spend it with me.	CHARLOTTE	 (distantly) What about you? Do you have anything better?	CHARLOTTE	 You know, maybe you're right. Maybe this is the best time to end it. Because I was actually starting to love you, Wills, and that's the last thing I ever wanted.			Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 Why did he do that?	DOLLY	 Aw, who the hell knows? 'Cause the moon was full. 'Cause life's short. 'Cause he's Wills Keane. I'll tell you a little secret -- after that, your Mom hated his guts, but your dad never made her smile like he did. (pause) 'Course your dad never made her cry like that either.	CHARLOTTE	 (softly) Why didn't you tell me any of this before?	DOLLY	 Oh, I dunno...	Autumn in New York 
DOLLY	 Aw, who the hell knows? 'Cause the moon was full. 'Cause life's short. 'Cause he's Wills Keane. I'll tell you a little secret -- after that, your Mom hated his guts, but your dad never made her smile like he did. (pause) 'Course your dad never made her cry like that either.	CHARLOTTE	 (softly) Why didn't you tell me any of this before?	DOLLY	 Oh, I dunno...	CHARLOTTE	 You never talk to me! You never try to help me!	Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 Anything... anything you would ever have told me, I would have listened to! I promise.	DOLLY	 (fighting tears) Aw, come on, honey. I can throw a party and I can mix a gimlet. After that, what the fuck do I know?					Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 Hello, Celia.	CELIA	 (sincerely) How are you this evening, sir?	WILLS	 I've been worse.	CELIA	 (under her breath) Are you sure?	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 I've been worse.	CELIA	 (under her breath) Are you sure?	JESUS	 Table Seven.	NEW HOSTESS	 This way, please.	Autumn in New York 
NEW HOSTESS	 This way, please.	WILLS	 (to Patty) Order a drink. I'll be right with you.	JOHN	 Where the hell you been?	WILLS	 Splendid, how are you?	Autumn in New York 
SIMON	 There's one thing you don't know about Mr. Keane and his adultery and as painful as it is I feel that I should tell you!	CHARLOTTE	 (alarmed) What? What is it!	SIMON	 That woman on the roof? That was no ex-girlfriend! In fact, no woman at all. It was I, Simon Loring, master of disguise! Willsy and I have moved in together!	SHANNON	 Look what I found!	Autumn in New York 
ERIC	 Same thing pretty much. Only for Domino's!	SHANNON	 Whoa, I don't believe it! (to Eric) She hasn't laughed in like a week!					Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 Look, it doesn't matter that she's sick -- she's still a kid and there's no way we should be together. It's unhealthy... it's... it's inappropriate...	JOHN	 (with disgust) What the hell is that? Some sorta shrink talk?	WILLS	 Look, if she were just fun... just some sort of diversion... maybe I could justify it. But the worst part is that it's becoming more. Much more. It's embarrassing how much I like her. She gets to me. She affects me...	WILLS	 And she's gonna be gone and... I'm not sure I can... I mean... I already think about her all the time... (fighting tears) Her smile kills me... and the thought... that it'll be gone... forever... that I'll never see her again... I don't know... I can't -- I don't think I'm that strong, Johnny. It's too much. I'd rather have it be over... over now. I'll start missing her now.	Autumn in New York 
PATTY	 Didn't you?	WILLS	 Patty, I... I want to be honest with you... right now, from the start... so there's no room for misunderstanding. I didn't have a good time, but it's nothing personal. I just split up with someone and rather than admit to myself how much I miss her, I asked you out instead. And it's unfair. If I feel sad I should just feel sad and not try to use you... and your body... as some sort of painkiller, right? (beat) Anyway, I think you're a warm and engaging woman and I wish you all the best.					Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 Who?	MICHAEL	 She's been waitin' almost an hour. In the lobby. (off Wills' look) A little surprise for ya.					Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 So do I. Look, why don't we go upstairs.	LISA	 (uneasily) No. I didn't plan to come. Peter... my husband... he agrees. He thinks it's a futile exercise. But it turns out I'm pregnant. Just a few months, but --	WILLS	 Lisa -- Congratulations. That's wonderful.	LISA	 Thanks. Anyway, I guess it made me want to meet you. I've been a little sentimental about parent-hood.	Autumn in New York 
LISA	 I really just wanted to meet you and... maybe... I don't know...	WILLS	 (gently) What is it? Tell me.	LISA	 Nothing earth-shattering. Maybe just to hear you say you were sorry.	WILLS	 I am. I'm very sorry.	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 You know, in this day and age it's not so outrageous a request. I mean, I don't know this kid. I don't know where he's been.	CHARLOTTE	 (laughing incredulously) You're worried about where he's been? Give me a break!					Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 It requires balance and I have lousy balance, okay?	CHARLOTTE	 Oh, come on, what's the worst that can happen? (beat) Well, I guess you could break a hip.	WILLS	 Look, I'm not in a sporting mood!	CHARLOTTE	 How come?	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 All I want is a simple answer and you're torturing me! And I resent it! It's cruel and juvenile! And I --	CHARLOTTE	 (exploding)	HEY!		CHARLOTTE	 It's not! It's adult! It's revenge! And if you think it's bad not knowing what I did -- well, it's even worse knowing exactly what you did!	Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 What were you scared of?	WILLS	 How quickly time was passing and how adolescent I still felt. How meaningless all my choices seemed. How lonely I was. So I liquidated my portfolio, sold my businesses, and moved back here. To start over, settle down, start acting my age. (beat) You were supposed to be my one last dalliance with youth.	CHARLOTTE	 Well, for your sake, I hope I am.			Autumn in New York 
CARLA	 What about Charlotte? She's funny- pretty.	SARAH	 (aside to Wills) It means funny and pretty. It's their highest compliment.	WILLS	 I agree. (rising from the table) She's also demanding.	JOHN	 Where're you goin'?	Autumn in New York 
SARAH	 (aside to Wills) It means funny and pretty. It's their highest compliment.	WILLS	 I agree. (rising from the table) She's also demanding.	JOHN	 Where're you goin'?	WILLS	 She's decided she wants her birthday present today.	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 Excuse me... do you have an extra one of those?	LITTLE MAN	 (eyes narrowing) You a smoker?	WILLS	 Not for years.	LITTLE MAN	 Well, hell, if I'm gonna be the one to get you goin' again.	Autumn in New York 
SIBLEY	 The repeat MRI and CAT scan do show interval progression.	WILLS	 (uncertainly) Which means the tumor's grown?	SIBLEY	 Yes. Yes, it has. Considerably. As for her loss of consciousness, one explanation is a disturbance in her heart's electrical function. We'll be monitoring her overnight for any arrhythmias. If we find something, we'll treat it. Unfortunately, the more likely explanation is that the tumor has begun to obstruct the outflow of her heart. If that's the case, there's little we can do. We could be speaking in terms of weeks not months.	SIBLEY	 When she returns home, we'll want her to stay active, but don't let her overexert herself. (off Wills' nod) Don't stay long. She's been sedated.	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 I'll let you rest. I should. You'll sleep and then --	CHARLOTTE	 (touching his hand) Shhh.	CHARLOTTE	 You still owe me a birthday present.	WILLS	 I do not.	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 You have.	CHARLOTTE	 All part of my master plan. (beat) Do you wanna hear a story... a bedtime story?	WILLS	 Shouldn't I be telling you one?	CHARLOTTE	 Once upon a time, there was a woman on a ship crossing the Atlantic and her little boy got sick. Very sick. And she said whoever saves my boy's life... I'll name my next baby after them. Well, they got into port and they rushed her son to St. Vincent's hospital... to here... and they saved his life. And so the mother named her next baby Edna St. Vincent Millay. (beat) And Edna grew up to be, as I am sure you know, the second greatest female poet in American history.	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 Shouldn't I be telling you one?	CHARLOTTE	 Once upon a time, there was a woman on a ship crossing the Atlantic and her little boy got sick. Very sick. And she said whoever saves my boy's life... I'll name my next baby after them. Well, they got into port and they rushed her son to St. Vincent's hospital... to here... and they saved his life. And so the mother named her next baby Edna St. Vincent Millay. (beat) And Edna grew up to be, as I am sure you know, the second greatest female poet in American history.	WILLS	 The first would be Emily Dickinson.	CHARLOTTE	 You're a quick learner -- I like that about you... (half to herself) "It may be, when my heart is dull, Having attained its girth, I shall not find so beautiful The meagre shapes of earth, Nor linger in the rain to mark The small of tansy through the dark."	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 The first would be Emily Dickinson.	CHARLOTTE	 You're a quick learner -- I like that about you... (half to herself) "It may be, when my heart is dull, Having attained its girth, I shall not find so beautiful The meagre shapes of earth, Nor linger in the rain to mark The small of tansy through the dark."	CHARLOTTE	 I am so pretentious...	WILLS	 Charlotte, listen, I --	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 Tell me, are you really so cold? Or is it just a pose that you've cultivated?	SIMON	 It's a pose that I've cultivated. (beat) I chose it, as a sort of smoke screen, some time after attending my twentieth funeral in as many months.	WILLS	 I'm sorry.	SIMON	 It's quite all right. But, honestly, it shocks me how often you people forget. Our phone books have as many numbers crossed out as written in. So that while death is certainly as painful to us as it is to you, we do not find it nearly so... extraordinary. (beat) Don't misunderstand me. I adore Charlotte and when she dies, I would... were it not already in that state... cry my heart dry.	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 I'm sorry.	SIMON	 It's quite all right. But, honestly, it shocks me how often you people forget. Our phone books have as many numbers crossed out as written in. So that while death is certainly as painful to us as it is to you, we do not find it nearly so... extraordinary. (beat) Don't misunderstand me. I adore Charlotte and when she dies, I would... were it not already in that state... cry my heart dry.	MUSIC UP:				Autumn in New York 
LISA	 What is it?	WILLS	 I want you to find a surgeon. Dr. Sibley told me... Charlotte's doctor told me... he said at some point, when it's hopeless, surgery could be an option. Heroic surgery, he called it. I want to make sure that when the time comes a hero is performing that heroic surgery. Do you understand? You'll have to make calls. I'll get names. Sibley will give me names. (fighting tears) I'm sorry to ask you... I have no right. But, you see, she doesn't want it... this surgery... I'll have to convince her. So no one can know... for now. And I trust you. You're my only family and I... (beat) You have every right to refuse me. After what I did. You were a child... and you needed me... and I was nowhere to be found. There's no excuse for that. I'm so terribly sorry!	LISA	 I'd be happy to do it.	LISA	 Dad, I'm really sorry she's sick.	Autumn in New York 
LISA	 Dad, I'm really sorry she's sick.	WILLS	 (almost inaudible) I am, too. So sorry. I should be the one. It should be me.	FADE IN:				Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 You never talk about my mother. (beat) Talk about her.	WILLS	 What do you want to know?	CHARLOTTE	 Everything. All I remember is that she smelled like vanilla, loved to read to me, and was really good at cutting up fruit. I couldn't believe she didn't cut her fingers off.			Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 Why? Because she was the only girl in Rhode Island who wouldn't sleep with you?	WILLS	 That's how she got my attention; it's not why I fell in love with her. (beat) I fell in love with her because she charmed me senseless day and night for an entire summer.	CHARLOTTE	 Then why did you screw her best friend on Labor Day?	CHARLOTTE	 It's just a question.	Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 It's just a question.	WILLS	 I have no idea. The summer was over. Your mom was going back to Smith. I was moving down here to work on Wall Street. It was our last day together. She was crying. She told me, for the first time, that she loved me. I said I loved her, too. I promised to call and visit. A few hours later I was in a cabana with Millie. (beat) When Millie told me she was pregnant and that she wanted to marry me, I escaped to L.A... and I never saw her or your mom again.	CHARLOTTE	 (wryly) Well done.	WILLS	 I think it's part of the reason I never came back.	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 I have no idea. The summer was over. Your mom was going back to Smith. I was moving down here to work on Wall Street. It was our last day together. She was crying. She told me, for the first time, that she loved me. I said I loved her, too. I promised to call and visit. A few hours later I was in a cabana with Millie. (beat) When Millie told me she was pregnant and that she wanted to marry me, I escaped to L.A... and I never saw her or your mom again.	CHARLOTTE	 (wryly) Well done.	WILLS	 I think it's part of the reason I never came back.	CHARLOTTE	 But why're you like that? What is it? I mean, you weren't born that way.	Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 So the only reason you don't dump me is because I'm sick? Because you know that it's all going to be over, anyway?	WILLS	 Maybe. But it doesn't feel that way. (beat) It feels as though I'm not afraid anymore.					Autumn in New York 
CHOIRMASTER	 Well, you all know what time it is!	CHARLOTTE	 (confused to Wills) No, I don't. Do you?	CHOIRMASTER AND CROWD		TEN, NINE, EIGHT, SEVEN, SIX, FIVE,		Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 I'll add it to the specials list.	CHARLOTTE	 (laughing) No way! I'm too pricey!	CHARLOTTE	 Hello, Sunshine!	JOHN	 You seen Celia?	Autumn in New York 
GRANDY	 Listen, I'm not gonna bullshit you. If she were a baby, she'd have a decent chance, 'cause these sorts of tumors can regress like crazy, but she's twenty and... I don't know, man... I've never seen anything like it. (pointing at the X- ray) I mean, look! It's wrapped around her vital structures like an octopus! (sitting) You know, just once I'd like to get sent something simple. A "cabbage," a valve replacement. Even a good old- fashioned transplant. But it doesn't happen anymore. It's the downside of being good at my job.	WILLS	 Good? They say there's no one better.	GRANDY	 I don't know. I'm like most people. I do the best I can.			Autumn in New York 
GRANDY	 In these sorts of cases, it's best if she signs a consent.	WILLS	 (covering) No problem.	GRANDY	 Good. (stopping at the main entrance) The last time Charlotte passed out, she regained consciousness almost immediately. The next time or the time after, she won't. When that happens, call me. (handing him a card) Here's my service. They'll reach me no matter where I am. In the meantime, I'll coordinate with Dr. Sibley.	WILLS	 I can't thank you enough.	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 (covering) No problem.	GRANDY	 Good. (stopping at the main entrance) The last time Charlotte passed out, she regained consciousness almost immediately. The next time or the time after, she won't. When that happens, call me. (handing him a card) Here's my service. They'll reach me no matter where I am. In the meantime, I'll coordinate with Dr. Sibley.	WILLS	 I can't thank you enough.	GRANDY	 I haven't done anything yet.	Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 Why?	WILLS	 (playfully vague) An opportunity.	CHARLOTTE	 Oh, really? Sexual or professional?	WILLS	 I was considering opening a restaurant. But the rents are too high.	Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 Hey! How do you feel about Christmas?	WILLS	 (sleepily) Bah humbug...	MUSIC UP:		MUSIC OUT:		Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 I doubt it.	MICHAEL	 I've seen so little of America. I don't care for airplanes, you see, and I have so little time to travel. (beat) Did Mister Keane enjoy his trip then?	CHARLOTTE	 What trip?	MICHAEL	 Why, just yesterday.	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 I'm sure we do. About what?	CHARLOTTE	 Lying. (beat) You were in Ohio yesterday.	WILLS	 I met with a heart specialist. He's willing to operate.	CHARLOTTE	 But you know I don't want that! You know I've signed papers that --	Autumn in New York 
CHARLOTTE	 No! I told you right from the start how I felt and you went behind my back! You lied and --	WILLS	 (exploding) Oh, Christ, knock it off! You're such a god damn saint, so above it all, but you're scared to death! You do want to live! And if you were as honest as you say you are you'd let the doctors do whatever they can to help you!	CHARLOTTE	 I won't give people hope when there isn't any.	WILLS	 Why not?! Maybe we want hope! Or maybe we just need to know that we did everything we could! Maybe I need to know that... if I'm going to be able to live... to go on without... without --	Autumn in New York 
WILLS	 So had I.	CHARLOTTE	 But now we have each other. (beginning to cry) Oh, what would I do, Wills? What would I do if you weren't here? Where would I be?	WILLS	 You don't ever have to worry about that.	CHARLOTTE	 I'll do whatever I have to! I'll tear up the papers! Whatever you want! Tell the doctor! Because... I really do want... I don't want to leave you!	Autumn in New York 
