ANNA	 Four or five days.	FATHER	 (resignedly) Oh, very well. I'll just spend the weekend alone by myself and take a little rest. I should be used to it by now.	ANNA	 Used to what?	FATHER	 To the fact of my retirement, not only as a diplomat but also as a father.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
FATHER	 To the fact of my retirement, not only as a diplomat but also as a father.	ANNA	 (protestingly and with a deep sense of compassion) But how could you say such a thing?	FATHER	 Because it's true. After thirty years -- not having ever spoken the truth to anyone, I should at least allow myself to do so with my own daughter.	ANNA	 And have you any other truths to tell me?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CLAUDIA	 I see... so it's farewell to the yacht...and farewell to the cruise...	ANNA	 You know, it's terrible to be far away from one another. Really, it's difficult to keep an affair going when one is here and the other is somewhere else. But, at the same time...it's comforting.  Because it gives you a chance to consider what you want and how you want it... but when he's right there before you all the time... well, he's right there... (Then, with a sense of exasperation) Oh, let's go back....	SANDRO	 I'll be right down.	***	 Sandro's apartment is extremely small. Although it contains many books, it has the atmosphere of a place that is very seldom lived in. Sandro has just finished knotting his tie. He closes his suitcase and heads toward the door. He turns back, however, to pick up a towel fallen from the bed. He takes the towel into the bathroom. Then he goes to the door again, opens it, and sees Anna. She appears a little anxious. Without giving Sandro a chance to say a word, she enters the apartment, closing the door behind her. Sandro puts down his suitcase and is about to embrace her, but Anna steps aside and begins staring at him with an intense look upon her face. Taking him all in with her eyes, she examines his suit, his hands, his legs, his shoes. Then her gaze moves back up to his face which she proceeds to scrutinize. Sandro is unable to understand her behavior, so he shrugs and jokingly exclaims:	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SANDRO	 I have a feeling that you're not used to being alone.	CLAUDIA	 (glancing first at Sandro and then at Anna) That seems to apply to you also...	SANDRO	 Don't be so humble.	CLAUDIA	 How should I be ... arrogant?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
PATRIZIA	 Why have we stopped?	RAIMONDO	 (kissing her hand) Lady Patrizia!	CORRADO	 Aren't you going in for a swim, Patrizia?	PATRIZIA	 What makes you think I would even dream of such a thing? Raimondo, why don't you go in for a dip?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
ANNA	 I'd like to find a place where I can get some peace and rest, maybe around here somewhere. I'd like to try...	SANDRO	 What could be more restful than this?... (He opens his eyes and is upright in the water) Excuse me, what is it that you want to try?	GIULIA	 (referring to Anna) Where is she going?	SANDRO	 Ask her.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SANDRO	 What could be more restful than this?... (He opens his eyes and is upright in the water) Excuse me, what is it that you want to try?	GIULIA	 (referring to Anna) Where is she going?	SANDRO	 Ask her.	SAILOR	 I've always worked on pleasure boats... even though it's more tiring.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SANDRO	 Anna...	CLAUDIA	 (to Anna) But how did you become aware of it? Did it touch you?	GIULIA	 I would have died.	PATRIZIA	 ... and how ugly they are ... with all those teeth...	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
PATRIZIA	 ... and how ugly they are ... with all those teeth...	CORRADO	 (shouting from the shore) What happened?	GIULIA	 (shouting from the prow) There's a shark in the area. Don't move from where you are!	CORRADO	 Who's moving?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CORRADO	 (shouting from the shore) What happened?	GIULIA	 (shouting from the prow) There's a shark in the area. Don't move from where you are!	CORRADO	 Who's moving?	***	 Inside the cabin, which is partitioned into separate rooms, the general layout is neat and orderly, with a number of prints decorating the walls. Sandro and Anna, followed by Claudia, enter from the outside deck and cross over into Anna's room. It is extremely small, with two cots on one side and a long curtain that partially conceals a bureau from which several dresses are seen hanging.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
ANNA	 Which one shall I wear?	CLAUDIA	 (picking up one of the two dresses) This one is gorgeous.	ANNA	 Then why don't you try it on?	ANNA	 It looks better on you than it does on me... You keep it.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
PATRIZIA	 You know, I don't love anybody.	RAIMONDO	 (angrily) I know, dammit, I know! (turning to Claudia) And just think -- if there ever was a woman so right, so perfectly cut out for all kinds of dissipations, degradations, infidelities... of.. . of... of debaucheries, it's her. Well, anyway, she's faithful. Faithful out of laziness... of unwillingness.	PATRIZIA	 He amuses me. I don't know of anything more amusing. Outside of this jigsaw puzzle. Don't you find it so, Claudia?	CLAUDIA	 One would have to be in love with somebody to know that.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
GIULIA	 Please, I beg of you, stay here.	CORRADO	 (noticing Claudia's hesitancy) Well?	CLAUDIA	 Well, what?	CORRADO	 Have you decided?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CORRADO	 (ironically) But Corrado...  If something is beautiful why shouldn't one say so?	GIULIA	 (referring to Corrado) He never misses a chance to humiliate me, to let me know that he doesn't care about me any more.	CORRADO	 Giulia, that remark is not worthy of our twelve years of honest concubinage. I repeat, once and for all, and publicly, that I admire you. Does that please you?	CLAUDIA	 (under her breath to Anna and Sandro) Twelve years ... But why haven't they married?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CORRADO	 Giulia, that remark is not worthy of our twelve years of honest concubinage. I repeat, once and for all, and publicly, that I admire you. Does that please you?	CLAUDIA	 (under her breath to Anna and Sandro) Twelve years ... But why haven't they married?	SANDRO	 (with a faint smile) And why haven't they left each other?	CLAUDIA	 I'm beginning to have my doubts. It couldn't be that they're in love?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CLAUDIA	 (under her breath to Anna and Sandro) Twelve years ... But why haven't they married?	SANDRO	 (with a faint smile) And why haven't they left each other?	CLAUDIA	 I'm beginning to have my doubts. It couldn't be that they're in love?	SANDRO	 Could be. They're the kind of people who are capable of anything.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SANDRO	 Could be. They're the kind of people who are capable of anything.	GIULIA	 (to Corrado) The trouble with you is that nobody can speak to you, that's all.	SANDRO	 (placatingly) Giulia, don't you understand that the more involved you become with people, the more difficult it is to speak with them?	GIULIA	 You men are all so dreadful!	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
GIULIA	 (to Corrado) The trouble with you is that nobody can speak to you, that's all.	SANDRO	 (placatingly) Giulia, don't you understand that the more involved you become with people, the more difficult it is to speak with them?	GIULIA	 You men are all so dreadful!	SANDRO	 I know we are. But as the years go by, we become even worse. Isn't that so, Corrado?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SANDRO	 So, it will just take you a little longer to get over it.	ANNA	 (angrily) But I think we should talk about it. Or are you fully convinced that we too won't understand each other?	SANDRO	 There will be plenty of time to talk about it later.  We'll  get married  soon.  That way we'll have more time...	ANNA	 In this case, getting married means nothing. Aren't we already the same as being married? And Corrado and Giulia -- aren't they already the same as being married?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SANDRO	 But you just said that a month was too...	ANNA	 (interrupting) I mean, to stay away longer -- two months... a year... three years... Yes, I know, it sounds absurd. And I feel awful. The very idea of losing you makes me want to die... And yet... I... I just don't have the same feeling for you any more.	SANDRO	 And what about yesterday... at my house... didn't you have any feeling for me, even then?	ANNA	 (angrily) There you go... Must you always spoil everything!	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SANDRO	 And what about yesterday... at my house... didn't you have any feeling for me, even then?	ANNA	 (angrily) There you go... Must you always spoil everything!	***	 The sky over the island of Lisca Bianca is completely filled with clouds. It is early afternoon, the atmosphere has darkened, and occasional sounds of thunder are heard in the distance.	GIULIA	 Looks like the weather is changing.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SAILOR	 We'll have to get going.	CLAUDIA	 And where's Anna? (then, turning to the sailor) Isn't she on the yacht?	SAILOR	 I don't know... you see... we were taking a little nap...	***	 Out on the yacht, Patrizia is completing her puzzle. Only a few pieces are missing but the area to be filled in is a very difficult one. Raimondo, who has grown impatient over Patrizia's long and tedious concentration, exclaims:	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
***	 Meanwhile, on the beach, Sandro is also looking for Anna, disturbed and amazed that she is not in sight.	SANDRO	 (angrily, to himself) This is the kind of behavior that drives me crazy!	SANDRO	 Did you find her?	CLAUDIA	 It's a lamb!	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CLAUDIA	 Somebody must live here!	CORRADO	 (after examining the bread himself) But Anna wouldn't be staying with the kind of people who live here.	SAILOR	 We had better get started. The storm may break any minute now.	CLAUDIA	 (angrily) What do you mean! What about Anna?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SAILOR	 We had better get started. The storm may break any minute now.	CLAUDIA	 (angrily) What do you mean! What about Anna?	SANDRO	 (to the seaman) Tell Lady Patrizia that we can't leave now. In fact, we'll have to make a tour around the island...	SAILOR	 Wouldn't it be better if you told that to the Lady yourself. I can't assume the responsibility for keeping the boat here. There's no place to tie it up... And then, you know, it's got a flat bottom, and if the sea gets a little too rough...	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CLAUDIA	 (angrily) What do you mean! What about Anna?	SANDRO	 (to the seaman) Tell Lady Patrizia that we can't leave now. In fact, we'll have to make a tour around the island...	SAILOR	 Wouldn't it be better if you told that to the Lady yourself. I can't assume the responsibility for keeping the boat here. There's no place to tie it up... And then, you know, it's got a flat bottom, and if the sea gets a little too rough...	SANDRO	 (angrily) That doesn't make any difference! If we have to stay, we'll stay!	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SAILOR	 Wouldn't it be better if you told that to the Lady yourself. I can't assume the responsibility for keeping the boat here. There's no place to tie it up... And then, you know, it's got a flat bottom, and if the sea gets a little too rough...	SANDRO	 (angrily) That doesn't make any difference! If we have to stay, we'll stay!	***	 Aboard the yacht, which is circling the island, Sandro, Patrizia, Raimondo and one of the sailors are peering out over the side, scrutinizing the banks and rocky slopes in hope of finding some trace of Anna. The jagged cliffs appear enormously tall and ominous, harboring tiny grottoes in which someone could easily hide.	PATRIZIA	 Perhaps she wasn't feeling well... Maybe a cramp or something...	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
PATRIZIA	 But you have to  consider all possibilities, Sandro.	CORRADO	 (calling out) There are some footprints around here...	SANDRO	 (calling from the stern, excitedly) Patrizia!	RAIMONDO	 (to the sailor) Mario...Steer the boat that way.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CORRADO	 (calling out) There are some footprints around here...	SANDRO	 (calling from the stern, excitedly) Patrizia!	RAIMONDO	 (to the sailor) Mario...Steer the boat that way.	SAILOR	 Shall I turn back?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SANDRO	 (calling from the stern, excitedly) Patrizia!	RAIMONDO	 (to the sailor) Mario...Steer the boat that way.	SAILOR	 Shall I turn back?	SANDRO	 No. Now that we're here, let's have a look around Basiluzzo. (then turning to Patrizia) When we were swimming, she swam out in that direction.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SAILOR	 Shall I turn back?	SANDRO	 No. Now that we're here, let's have a look around Basiluzzo. (then turning to Patrizia) When we were swimming, she swam out in that direction.	SAILOR	 It won't be easy to find a place to go ashore.	***	 The first shadows of evening begin to fall over the island of Lisca Bianca. The sky is now even gloomier, streaked with flashes of lightning. Rumbling sounds of thunder are heard in the distance. The entire group is once again reunited on the beach, and the impending storm has heightened their fears and anxiety. They are cold, restless, and exhausted, but profoundly moved and shaken by the reality of Anna's strange disappearance.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CORRADO	 Then let's get started... It's senseless to waste any more time.	PATRIZIA	 (to the sailor) How long will it take to go there and come back?	SAILOR	 If there's a police station at Panarea, it should take us a couple of hours. But if we have to go to Lipari, it will take much longer. Then it also depends on how rough the sea is.	CORRADO	 I'll stay here also.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CORRADO	 I'll stay here also.	GIULIA	 (alarmed) But why?... What if it starts to rain?	CORRADO	 If it rains, I'll buy myself an umbrella.	CORRADO	 (to Claudia, understandingly) Claudia, I know how you feel, but there are already two of us staying...	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SANDRO	 I'll go even further and say that her presence here -- I don't want to sound offensive -- could be a great hindrance.	GIULIA	 (calling to Corrado from the boat) Do you want some blankets? ... and something to eat?	***	 Inside the hut it is pitch black. Sandro strikes a match and finds a kerosene lamp on a nearby table. He lights it and the room is suddenly illuminated, revealing a miserable interior with a few broken chairs, several empty boxes, a shovel and a few other utensils. Over to one side is a small pile of straw suggesting a makeshift bed.	CLAUDIA	 As far as I'm concerned, I think she's alive... Why, even this morning... that business about the shark... it wasn't at all true.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CORRADO	 Really! Still, it remains to be seen why she invented a shark. What was her purpose in that?	CLAUDIA	 (indicating Sandro) Maybe you'd better ask him.	CORRADO	 (to Sandro) What were you and Anna arguing about?... Excuse me for being so indiscreet, but this is serious...	SANDRO	 Nothing but the usual argument... The only thing was -- if I remember correctly -- that she said she had a need to be alone.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CLAUDIA	 (indicating Sandro) Maybe you'd better ask him.	CORRADO	 (to Sandro) What were you and Anna arguing about?... Excuse me for being so indiscreet, but this is serious...	SANDRO	 Nothing but the usual argument... The only thing was -- if I remember correctly -- that she said she had a need to be alone.	CLAUDIA	 And how do you explain that?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CORRADO	 Ah, then it was you... I heard a boat leaving here at two o'clock today...	OLD MAN	 (scratching his head) It must have been around four or five...	CORRADO	 In the afternoon?	OLD MAN	 No... in the morning. Why? What's happened?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SANDRO	 Nothing... nothing at all!	CLAUDIA	 But why don't you tell him? (then turning to the old man) A girl who was with us has disappeared.	OLD MAN	 What do you mean... disappeared?  Was she drowned?	CLAUDIA	 No, she didn't drown... She just disappeared, and nobody knows where.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SANDRO	 Are you feeling better?	CLAUDIA	 (nodding yes) I'm sorry about last night. Please forgive me.	SANDRO	 You're very fond of Anna, aren't you?	CLAUDIA	 Yes, very much so.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SANDRO	 Whose boat is that?	OLD MAN	 (astonished) What boat?	SANDRO	 Just a moment ago... didn't you hear the sound of a motor?	OLD MAN	 At this time of the year there are so many boats...	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CORRADO	 Yes, that was a very good idea.	PATRIZIA	 He'll be here sometime today. (then turning to Sandro who has just arrived on the scene) I also phoned my house in Milan... but Ettore had already left.	MARSHAL	 (to Sandro) Anything new develop?	SANDRO	 Unfortunately, no.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
PATRIZIA	 He'll be here sometime today. (then turning to Sandro who has just arrived on the scene) I also phoned my house in Milan... but Ettore had already left.	MARSHAL	 (to Sandro) Anything new develop?	SANDRO	 Unfortunately, no.	MARSHAL	 Very well. First of all, I'll have them search the waters around the island. I brought two frogmen with me... Meanwhile, we'll take a look up around here.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SANDRO	 Another thing; there's an old man who lives here on the island...	MARSHAL	 (interrupting) I know, I know. One thing at a time.	PATRIZIA	 No, who wants crackers... Why don't you go and have some coffee made instead?	CARABINIERE	 (calling up to the Marshal) Nothing here!	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
PATRIZIA	 No, who wants crackers... Why don't you go and have some coffee made instead?	CARABINIERE	 (calling up to the Marshal) Nothing here!	CORRADO	 Don't look at me like that, Marshal...  I had nothing to do with it.	PATRIZIA	 (referring to the frogmen below) Let's hope they don't find her... If they do, they would find her dead.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CORRADO	 Don't look at me like that, Marshal...  I had nothing to do with it.	PATRIZIA	 (referring to the frogmen below) Let's hope they don't find her... If they do, they would find her dead.	SANDRO	 Listen, Patrizia... The Marshal says there's a current that passes by here and ends up at another island... I don't know which... He wants to send one of his men over to have a look... One never knows... Do you mind if I ask Raimondo to go with him?	PATRIZIA	 I don't see why I should mind.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
PATRIZIA	 I don't see why I should mind.	CLAUDIA	 (to Sandro) I think that you might go and have a look yourself.	SANDRO	 Yes, maybe that is better.	PATRIZIA	 (to Claudia) What amazes me, is Sandro. He seems so calm.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SANDRO	 Yes, maybe that is better.	PATRIZIA	 (to Claudia) What amazes me, is Sandro. He seems so calm.	CLAUDIA	 (rising) Calm?... He doesn't seem so to me... He was awake all night.	RAIMONDO	 (to the frogman) What is it?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
PATRIZIA	 (to Claudia) What amazes me, is Sandro. He seems so calm.	CLAUDIA	 (rising) Calm?... He doesn't seem so to me... He was awake all night.	RAIMONDO	 (to the frogman) What is it?	FROGMAN	 An ancient vase. There's a buried city under here. It's full of this stuff.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CLAUDIA	 (rising) Calm?... He doesn't seem so to me... He was awake all night.	RAIMONDO	 (to the frogman) What is it?	FROGMAN	 An ancient vase. There's a buried city under here. It's full of this stuff.	PATRIZIA	 (ironically) Come on, Corrado, tell us what century it belongs to.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
FROGMAN	 An ancient vase. There's a buried city under here. It's full of this stuff.	PATRIZIA	 (ironically) Come on, Corrado, tell us what century it belongs to.	GIULIA	 Corrado, why don't you ask them to give it to us as a gift?	CORRADO	 Really! So that you can stuff it with your geraniums.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CORRADO	 Really! So that you can stuff it with your geraniums.	PATRIZIA	 (to Sandro) But aren't you supposed to be on your way?	SANDRO	 Yes... I'm going... I'm going now.	***	 A patrol boat is anchored off the cliff of a small island where the current running through the surrounding waters comes to an end. Sandro is leaning against the wall of a dilapidated building, which is constructed right on that part of the rock where the sea close by discharges all kinds of refuse. Four or five islanders are busy scouring through the accumulated rubbish. They are taciturn, poorly dressed people who every now and then come to blows over the possession of some article washed ashore by the waves. Sandro is watching them, feeling distraught and melancholy. One of the carabinieri who had accompanied him is walking up and down beside an elderly gentleman who is obviously one of the local gentry.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
***	 A patrol boat is anchored off the cliff of a small island where the current running through the surrounding waters comes to an end. Sandro is leaning against the wall of a dilapidated building, which is constructed right on that part of the rock where the sea close by discharges all kinds of refuse. Four or five islanders are busy scouring through the accumulated rubbish. They are taciturn, poorly dressed people who every now and then come to blows over the possession of some article washed ashore by the waves. Sandro is watching them, feeling distraught and melancholy. One of the carabinieri who had accompanied him is walking up and down beside an elderly gentleman who is obviously one of the local gentry.	SANDRO	 (to the carabiniere) It's already two hours... What are we going to do?	CARABINIERE	 It takes about twenty to twenty-two hours for the current to reach here from Lisca Bianca.	ELDERLY GENTLEMAN	 And sometimes even twenty-four... depending on the wind...	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
GENTLEMAN	 Back... Stand back!	CARABINIERE	 (to the islanders) You see? It contains cigarettes. We'll have to confiscate it.	CARABINIERE	 (to Sandro) These people are contemptible. They have no sense of dignity at all.	SANDRO	 (referring to the crate) And you say that came from Lisca Bianca?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CARABINIERE	 (to Sandro) These people are contemptible. They have no sense of dignity at all.	SANDRO	 (referring to the crate) And you say that came from Lisca Bianca?	CARABINIERE	 It couldn't have come from anywhere else. At least, somewhere from that vicinity... But I really can't understand it. Contraband cigarettes on that island! It's the first time that ever happened.	SANDRO	 Look... I'd like to get back to Lisca Bianca.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CARABINIERE	 But how could we...at a time like this when we just... well, let's at least first have a look around the other islands. Could be that something might turn up there.	SANDRO	 (impatiently) But even here we were supposed to find who knows what... And all we bring back with us is a crate of cigarettes.	CARABINIERE	 (shrugging his shoulders) As you wish.	***	 At Lisca Bianca, a helicopter is hovering above the island and preparing to land. Waiting for it to descend are Claudia, the old man, the Marshal and Anna's father, just arrived from the mainland.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SANDRO	 (impatiently) But even here we were supposed to find who knows what... And all we bring back with us is a crate of cigarettes.	CARABINIERE	 (shrugging his shoulders) As you wish.	***	 At Lisca Bianca, a helicopter is hovering above the island and preparing to land. Waiting for it to descend are Claudia, the old man, the Marshal and Anna's father, just arrived from the mainland.	MARSHAL	 (to the old man) ... Is it also true that you saw no boat around here at Lisca between yesterday and this morning?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
***	 At Lisca Bianca, a helicopter is hovering above the island and preparing to land. Waiting for it to descend are Claudia, the old man, the Marshal and Anna's father, just arrived from the mainland.	MARSHAL	 (to the old man) ... Is it also true that you saw no boat around here at Lisca between yesterday and this morning?	OLD MAN	 How many times do I have to tell you, Marshal, that I was at Panarea.	MARSHAL	 I believe you, I believe you... But I'm also certain that you're hiding something from me. I can see it written all over your face... And you know that I have never liked your face. And if you want to know something, that gentleman over there... (indicating Anna's father) ...who's a very important person... doesn't like it either. So, just keep that in mind. I'll talk to you later.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
OLD MAN	 How many times do I have to tell you, Marshal, that I was at Panarea.	MARSHAL	 I believe you, I believe you... But I'm also certain that you're hiding something from me. I can see it written all over your face... And you know that I have never liked your face. And if you want to know something, that gentleman over there... (indicating Anna's father) ...who's a very important person... doesn't like it either. So, just keep that in mind. I'll talk to you later.	ANNA'S FATHER	 I presume by this method that you'll be able to uncover some new clue, either a handkerchief or an article of clothing... In other words, something which your men have not been able to find as yet.	MARSHAL	 Without any doubt, sir. If anything belonging to the girl who has run away is still here on this island...	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
MARSHAL	 Without any doubt, sir. If anything belonging to the girl who has run away is still here on this island...	ANNA'S FATHER	 (resentfully) Allow me to inform you that my daughter is not a fugitive.	MARSHAL	 I'm sorry, sir. I didn't mean to put it that way. But, you must understand, sir, that I...	ANNA'S FATHER	 I understand very well. Only I don't want any rash assumptions to be made.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
MARSHAL	 Sir, if you have no objections, may we start the search?	ATTENDANT	 (to the Marshal) Get everybody out of the way...	MARSHAL	 Okay. I'll send them down to that part of the beach over there...	CLAUDIA	 It's because of this... The dress... It's because of this dress. Anna gave it to me yesterday, right after the swim.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
GIULIA	 Sandro's here.	ANNA'S FATHER	 (coldly) I don't know him.	GIULIA	 It seems to me that at a moment like this...	ANNA'S FATHER	 I don't want to know him.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SANDRO	 Claudia, listen ... Claudia.	CORRADO	 (to Sandro) I didn't think you'd be back so early.	CARABINIERE	 (interrupting) We didn't check the other islands, so...	CORRADO	 And why didn't you go there?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CORRADO	 (to Sandro) I didn't think you'd be back so early.	CARABINIERE	 (interrupting) We didn't check the other islands, so...	CORRADO	 And why didn't you go there?	CARABINIERE	 (referring to Sandro) He wanted to come back.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CORRADO	 And why didn't you go there?	CARABINIERE	 (referring to Sandro) He wanted to come back.	MARSHAL	 Up until now those smugglers were operating only around the Palermo area. This will be a nice surprise for the Lieutenant in Milazzo... Call up headquarters. Bring them up to date and have them give you instructions on what to do with this crate.	CORRADO	 So... the boat we saw yesterday afternoon might have also been that of these smugglers. Could it be possible, then, that Anna...?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CORRADO	 So... the boat we saw yesterday afternoon might have also been that of these smugglers. Could it be possible, then, that Anna...?	MARSHAL	 (evading Corrado's question and pursuing his own thoughts) I wonder where they could have unloaded the stuff ... Maybe right here at Lisca.	CORRADO	 I was saying... it might even be possible that Anna had left with them.	MARSHAL	 But for what reason would she have wanted to go away?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
MARSHAL	 I think it's possible.	A SAILOR	 (calling from the patrol boat) Marshal!... Headquarters is calling. They have an important message.	MARSHAL	 What is it about?	SAILOR	 They've stopped a suspicious-looking boat a few miles from here... yesterday afternoon. The crew has been taken to Milazzo for questioning.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CORRADO	 Did you hear that? What do you plan on doing?	ANNA'S FATHER	 (resignedly) We are in the hands of God.	SANDRO	 That's true...But in the meantime, as far as I'm concerned, it's absolutely necessary to go to Milazzo. (directly to Anna's father) I know that you have no desire to meet me, and I shall take pains not to impose myself upon you. But, besides you, I am the closest person to your daughter...	ANNA'S FATHER	 However that may be, at this moment my daughter has more need of her father than of you.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
ANNA'S FATHER	 (resignedly) We are in the hands of God.	SANDRO	 That's true...But in the meantime, as far as I'm concerned, it's absolutely necessary to go to Milazzo. (directly to Anna's father) I know that you have no desire to meet me, and I shall take pains not to impose myself upon you. But, besides you, I am the closest person to your daughter...	ANNA'S FATHER	 However that may be, at this moment my daughter has more need of her father than of you.	SANDRO	 Pardon me for being so frank, but there are certain things that a father -- especially a father like you --cannot understand. So don't be stubborn. I'm coming with you.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
PATRIZIA	 We've decided to go to Montaldo's place. In fact, Ettore should already be there.	SANDRO	 (intervening) Good. Then I'll meet you there.	CLAUDIA	 I'm going with the patrol boat to make a tour around the islands.	PATRIZIA	 To do what?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CLAUDIA	 I just can't leave without first searching those islands, one by one.	PATRIZIA	 But aren't you tired? I can just about manage to stand on my feet! (then turning around to look for Raimondo, she calls out) Raimondo!	RAIMONDO	 Here I am, Patrizia. I'm always here.	PATRIZIA	 Claudia isn't coming with us. Will you please take care of her luggage? Thanks.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SAILOR	 No, sir, Lieutenant, we weren't even able to drop anchor once ... the sea was too rough.	LIEUTENANT	 Okay. Just sign here. (turning to a guard standing at the door) Have the next one come in. He's the last, isn't he?	LIEUTENANT	 They tell me you have a lot of trouble at home. Is that right?	YOUNG SAILOR	 Yes, sir. My sister is sick... and my father, too.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
YOUNG SAILOR	 Yes, sir. Three times.	LIEUTENANT	 (to Sandro and Anna's father) Now, we're getting somewhere! They're beginning to contradict each other. (then, facing the sailor again) Now look here, your friend just swore to me that you weren't able to do any fishing at all because the sea was too rough... And what about the other boat?	YOUNG SAILOR	 What other boat?	LIEUTENANT	 Now look, my men saw it and they also saw you men throwing those crates overboard. What have you got to say about that?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
LIEUTENANT	 Now look, my men saw it and they also saw you men throwing those crates overboard. What have you got to say about that?	YOUNG SAILOR	 (stuttering) I ... I ... wasn't feeling well ... I.. I was sleeping... I don't know anything ... I ... I'm all mixed up and ...	SANDRO	 But what are you saying?... What are you saying?	LIEUTENANT	 Now look here, I'm ready to forget the whole thing: the cigarettes, the contraband -- everything. If you would only tell me... you or your friends... whether the girl was aboard your boat and how far she went.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
LIEUTENANT	 At any rate, we'll continue investigating. I know that headquarters has sent out an alarm to all areas...	SANDRO	 (showing the newspaper to the Lieutenant) Tell me, Lieutenant, do you happen to know this F.Z. who wrote this article here?	LIEUTENANT	 That's Francesco Zuria. He's the news correspondent.	SANDRO	 Where can we locate him? Don't you think that by offering a reward to anyone who can give us some information...	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SANDRO	 I have no desire to sacrifice myself... It's idiotic to sacrifice oneself... Why?... For whom? If Anna were here I might understand your scruples. But she's not...	CLAUDIA	 (deeply wounded) Oh, Sandro...	SANDRO	 I'm sorry. I didn't want to sound cynical. But isn't it better to look things squarely in the eye?	CLAUDIA	 For me they are exactly as they were when we met three days ago -- just three days ago... don't you realize? And you and Anna... No, I guess they aren't like that any more. My God, is it possible to forget in such a short time, for things to change so quickly?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CLAUDIA	 (referring to Anna) But why does she do these things? (she takes a sip from her glass, then rises) I can't stand it any more.	GIULIA	 (to Corrado and Ettore) But how can you carry on a discussion in this heat?	CORRADO	 When one approaches fifty, my dear, he is affected only by the cold.	ETTORE	 (noticing Claudia) And who is this?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CORRADO	 When one approaches fifty, my dear, he is affected only by the cold.	ETTORE	 (noticing Claudia) And who is this?	PATRIZIA	 This is Claudia, Anna's friend... (to Claudia) You've never met my husband, have you?	ETTORE	 By the way, have you phoned him?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
ETTORE	 (noticing Claudia) And who is this?	PATRIZIA	 This is Claudia, Anna's friend... (to Claudia) You've never met my husband, have you?	ETTORE	 By the way, have you phoned him?	CORRADO	 You mean Sandro? I told you already. He's not in. At least he's not at the hotel.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
PRINCESS	 I've never met this Sandro. What kind of a person is he?... He couldn't have done her in himself, by any chance?	ETTORE	 (breaking out into a loud laugh) Sandro?... Oh, sure... I can see Sandro calling Anna over to him and saying: Listen, Anna, I intend to get rid of you, but since it's so painful and complicated... and besides, I don't happen to have a gun on me... why don't you do me a favor and get rid of yourself on your own...	GIULIA	 My God, how could we joke over something like that! We should be ashamed of ourselves.	PRINCESS	 (rising) Come on, let's go.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
GIULIA	 My God, how could we joke over something like that! We should be ashamed of ourselves.	PRINCESS	 (rising) Come on, let's go.	GIULIA	 (to Claudia, referring to the young man) Goffredo is the Princess' nephew. He's eighteen years old, the lucky boy. And, what do you know -- he paints.	GOFFREDO	 Anybody can hold a brush in his hand. All you need is to buy some oils and start painting. Even Rembrandt did the same.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
PRINCESS	 (rising) Come on, let's go.	GIULIA	 (to Claudia, referring to the young man) Goffredo is the Princess' nephew. He's eighteen years old, the lucky boy. And, what do you know -- he paints.	GOFFREDO	 Anybody can hold a brush in his hand. All you need is to buy some oils and start painting. Even Rembrandt did the same.	ETTORE	 But... where is the Prince?... Is he well?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
THIRD YOUNG MAN	 They've torn her dress... She's almost nude... She ran into the shop to hide herself...	SANDRO	 (to one of the newspapermen) Which one of you is Zuria?	NEWSPAPERMAN	 He's inside.	SANDRO	 Zuria?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
GIRL	 But I have always gone around like this, everywhere in the world. Nothing like this has ever happened to me before.	ZURIA	 (to the girl) How old are you?	GIRL	 Nineteen. My name is Gloria Perkins. I'm married and a writer by profession. I write in a trance, almost always in contact with people who are dead. Tolstoi, for example, or Shakespeare. But the movies also interest me.	ZURIA	 How do you find the men of Messina? Are you shocked by their warm display of friendliness?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
ZURIA	 She did exactly the same thing in Palermo.	CHIEF OF POLICE	 (to the girl) If you want to go back to your hotel... we're ready to escort you.	GIRL	 Oh, yes, thank you...	ZURIA	 Do you like her?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
ZURIA	 Oh... I'm sorry I have to rush but I've got to write a story about this thing that just happened... Tell me exactly how it all turned out.	SANDRO	 (impatiently) Now listen, if I had any information, I wouldn't have come here to ask you. But I see that you, too, lack any information ...	ZURIA	 As a matter of fact, I've already had several phone calls on that article. One said they had seen the missing girl in an automobile somewhere in Rome. Another one said they saw her on the pier talking with some strange sailors... Could be she secretly left the island by boat...	SANDRO	 Is that possible?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
***	 At the Princess' villa, Claudia is in her room, applying some fresh make-up in front of a small dressing table. Although she appears thoroughly engrossed in all the minute details of her make-up, nevertheless, she seems considerably  interested in any sound that comes through her window.	PATRIZIA	 Are you ready? I'm not. That's all we needed -- a cocktail party... The vitality some people have irritates me! (indicating the wig on her head) How does it look?	CLAUDIA	 (ironically) It's divine!	PATRIZIA	 You say that just to flatter me.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
PATRIZIA	 Are you ready? I'm not. That's all we needed -- a cocktail party... The vitality some people have irritates me! (indicating the wig on her head) How does it look?	CLAUDIA	 (ironically) It's divine!	PATRIZIA	 You say that just to flatter me.	CLAUDIA	 Do you consider that a compliment?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CLAUDIA	 They're all nudes, if I'm not mistaken.	GIULIA	 (to Goffredo) But why all nudes?	GOFFREDO	 Because there is no landscape as beautiful as a woman.	GIULIA	 And where do you find the models?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
GOFFREDO	 Oh, there are as many as one wants.	GIULIA	 (turning to Claudia) I thought the model was something obsolete nowadays. Didn't you, Claudia?	GOFFREDO	 It's strange how anxious women are to display themselves. It's almost a natural inclination.	GIULIA	 But how could they pose like that? I couldn't.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
GIULIA	 But how could they pose like that? I couldn't.	GOFFREDO	 (with a grave, youthful sensuality) Why don't you try?	GIULIA	 Me... Goffredo, you're mad! (turning to Claudia) He's mad.	CLAUDIA	 Not really.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
GOFFREDO	 (with a grave, youthful sensuality) Why don't you try?	GIULIA	 Me... Goffredo, you're mad! (turning to Claudia) He's mad.	CLAUDIA	 Not really.	GIULIA	 Don't you ever paint men?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
GIULIA	 But why me?... Ask Claudia, she's much more beautiful than me.	GOFFREDO	 (insistent) But I want to paint you. You appeal to me more.	GIULIA	 (timidly) I appeal to you more?	CLAUDIA	 (almost unconsciously) Giulia!	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
GOFFREDO	 (insistent) But I want to paint you. You appeal to me more.	GIULIA	 (timidly) I appeal to you more?	CLAUDIA	 (almost unconsciously) Giulia!	GIULIA	 And tell Corrado, too, that I'm here... if he wants me. You can also tell him that my tiny little heart is beating like mad, and that at this moment, it's the only thing that interests me. Is that clear?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
GIULIA	 (timidly) I appeal to you more?	CLAUDIA	 (almost unconsciously) Giulia!	GIULIA	 And tell Corrado, too, that I'm here... if he wants me. You can also tell him that my tiny little heart is beating like mad, and that at this moment, it's the only thing that interests me. Is that clear?	CLAUDIA	 It couldn't be any clearer.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
HUSBAND	 Be patient, I can't remember everything.	SANDRO	 (indicating the newspaper article) But it even says what she bought: a bar of soap! So there's no point in making believe you can't remember.	WIFE	 "A young female stranger, whose description corresponds with that of the missing girl, came into my store..."	WIFE	 She came and then she left. With him. But this one won't admit it. (turning upon her husband furiously) You think I wasn't aware of it...	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SANDRO	 You have to be precise. Did this girl enter your store or didn't she?	WIFE	 (shouting) Yes!	SANDRO	 (ignoring her) Was she blonde or brunette?	HUSBAND	 (calmly) Brunette.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
WIFE	 (shouting) Yes!	SANDRO	 (ignoring her) Was she blonde or brunette?	HUSBAND	 (calmly) Brunette.	WIFE	 (contradicting him) Blonde.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SANDRO	 (ignoring her) Was she blonde or brunette?	HUSBAND	 (calmly) Brunette.	WIFE	 (contradicting him) Blonde.	SANDRO	 How was she dressed?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
HUSBAND	 (calmly) Brunette.	WIFE	 (contradicting him) Blonde.	SANDRO	 How was she dressed?	HUSBAND	 I don't quite remember. Seems to me she wore a black dress.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
HUSBAND	 I don't quite remember. Seems to me she wore a black dress.	WIFE	 (intervening sarcastically) He doesn't look at dresses, he looks at what's under them.	SANDRO	 Pardon me, but has anyone else been here asking about this girl?	HUSBAND	 No ... I don't think so.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
HUSBAND	 Listen... In the paper they forgot to say that as soon as the girl left here she took the bus to Noto. The bus leaves from the square, over there. I saw her clearly... I came to the door to see her off... She was a beautiful girl. Lovely pair of legs!	WIFE	 You're from Rome, aren't you? I knew right away because I'm from Viterbo... He was a soldier there and so... (indicating her husband, and then quickly continuing) I don't like it very much, here.	HUSBAND	 (interrupting) Then why don't you go back?	CLAUDIA	 How long have you been married?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
WIFE	 You're from Rome, aren't you? I knew right away because I'm from Viterbo... He was a soldier there and so... (indicating her husband, and then quickly continuing) I don't like it very much, here.	HUSBAND	 (interrupting) Then why don't you go back?	CLAUDIA	 How long have you been married?	WIFE	 Three months.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
***	 The early twilight shadows are beginning to fall. The sky is still clear but the sun is fading. There is a deep silence and the air is absolutely still. In a certain sense, Sandro's car, standing there in the middle of the deserted street, is the only thing alive in that desolate town.	CLAUDIA	 (faintly audible) It's late... We should be going.	CLAUDIA	 Let's get out of here, fast... This is not a town, it's a cemetery.	SANDRO	 Who knows why they all left...	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SANDRO	 Claudia, let's get married?	CLAUDIA	 (astonished) What! Get married?	SANDRO	 Yes. We'll get married. You and I. What do you say?	CLAUDIA	 What do I say? What can I say? No. At least, not yet. I don't know... I can't even think of it... at a time like this... Oh, but why did you have to ask me?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SANDRO	 Are you ready?	CLAUDIA	 (ironically) But why am I so infatuated with you?	SANDRO	 (smiling) Hurry up now, or it'll begin to get hot outside...	CLAUDIA	 Yes, yes, yes, yes... Right away...	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CLAUDIA	 (ironically) But why am I so infatuated with you?	SANDRO	 (smiling) Hurry up now, or it'll begin to get hot outside...	CLAUDIA	 Yes, yes, yes, yes... Right away...	SANDRO	 (leaving) Okay. I understand. See you later.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
CLAUDIA	 Yes, yes, yes, yes... Right away...	SANDRO	 (leaving) Okay. I understand. See you later.	CLAUDIA	 And you leave me here all alone... in this hotel room...	SANDRO	 As soon as you're ready, you can come down and catch up with me. I'll be waiting for you right outside on the square.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SANDRO	 As soon as you're ready, you can come down and catch up with me. I'll be waiting for you right outside on the square.	CLAUDIA	 (teasingly) Very well. But you must first tell me that when you go out without me it's like going out without one of your legs. Go ahead, have a look around the town all by yourself, but you'll have to hobble along on only one leg. And you must also tell me that you are filled with a great desire to embrace my shadow on the walls... Then you must tell me... (suddenly her tone of voice changes and she becomes quite serious) You must tell me that you love me.	SANDRO	 But you know it already. Why must I tell you?	CLAUDIA	 So, you wonder why?	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SANDRO	 It's closed. Isn't there any custodian or caretaker inside?	COACHMAN	 (apathetically) Nobody there.	SANDRO	 But it says it's open from 9:30 to 10:30., and it's ten o'clock now...  That's a fine way to greet tourists.	COACHMAN	 Tourists? Last year a few Frenchmen came here and they all walked around in their bathing suits. So they were made to understand that it was better if they didn't come at all.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
PATRIZIA	 See you soon, then.	SANDRO	 (commenting under his breath) You see? Just like a robot.	SANDRO	 Come in.	CLAUDIA	 Sandro, listen... Try not to get yourself too involved tomorrow.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
SANDRO	 I don't love you.	CLAUDIA	 (smiling) I deserve it.	SANDRO	 That's not true. I love you.	***	 Sandro comes out of his room and walks along through the corridors, heading towards the reception halls down at the other end. Other persons are walking up and down the corridor in both directions.	Avventura, L' (The Adventure) 
